1
Unlike in the US where African Americans were united in the civil rights struggle , in Brazil the philosophy of whitening has helped divide blacks from other non-whites and prevented a more active civil rights movement . 
The headstock -LRB- 1 -RRB- contains the metal machine heads , which are used for tuning ; the nut -LRB- 1.4 -RRB- , a thin fret-like strip of metal , plastic , graphite or bone which the strings pass over as they first go onto the fingerboard ; the machine heads -LRB- 1.1 -RRB- , which are worm gears which the player turns to change the string tension . 
2
These include : Albania , Andorra , Australia , Austria , Belarus , Belgium , Benin , Brazil , Bulgaria , Canada , Chad , Chile , the People 's Republic of China , Cote d'Ivoire , Croatia , Cuba , Cyprus , Czech Republic , Denmark , Egypt , East Timor , Equatorial Guinea , Estonia , Ethiopia , Finland , France , Georgia , Germany . 
A Pythagorean triple consists of three positive integers '' a '' , '' b '' , and '' c '' , such that . 
3
Through all the problems of depreciation and migration that Afrikaans faces today , the language still competes well , with Afrikaans DSTV channels -LRB- pay channels -RRB- and high newspaper and CD sales as well as popular internet sites . 
Over the next few days , night skies in Asia and Europe were aglow such that those in London could read a newspaper by their light ; it has been theorized that this was due to light passing through high-altitude ice particles formed at extremely cold temperatures , a phenomenon that occurs when the Space Shuttle re-enters the Earth 's atmosphere . 
4
received honorary doctorates from Nyenrode Business Universiteit , Breukelen , The Netherlands , in 2000 ; the Royal Institute of Technology , Stockholm , Sweden , in 2002 ; Waseda University , Tokyo , Japan , in 2005 ; Tsinghua University , Beijing , China , in April 2007 ; Harvard University in June 2007 ; the Karolinska Institutet , Stockholm , in January 2008 , and Cambridge University in June 2009 . 
She received her undergraduate degree from Oklahoma State University in 1977 and her Juris Doctor degree from Yale Law School in 1980 . 
5
, Jr. , Foundation for Mental Retardation International award ; 1972 Humanist of the Year Award , American Humanist Society ; 1972 Creative Leadership in Education Award , New York University ; 1972 Career Contribution Award , Massachusetts Psychological Association ; 1974-1990 Professor of Psychology and Social Relations Emeritus , Harvard University ; 1978 Distinguished Contributions to Educational Research Award and Development , American Educational Research Association ; 1978 National Association for Retarded Citizens Award ; 1985 Award for Excellence in Psychiatry , Albert Einstein School of Medicine ; 1985 President 's Award , New York Academy of Science ; . 
Whittington , with the help of research students Derek Briggs and Simon Conway Morris of the University of Cambridge , began a thorough reassessment of the Burgess Shale , and revealed that the fauna represented were much more diverse and unusual than Walcott had recognized . 
6
The sacrifice results in Israel being defeated . 
Japan was now one of the most powerful forces in the Far East , and in 1914 , it entered World War I on the side of the United Kingdom , seizing German-occupied Kiaochow and subsequently demanding Chinese acceptance of Japanese political influence and territorial acquisitions -LRB- Twenty-One Demands , 1915 -RRB- . 
7
Researchers at Ben Gurion University in Israel are developing a different device called the BioPen , essentially a '' Lab-in-a-Pen '' , which can detect known biological agents in under 20 minutes using an adaptation of the ELISA , a similar widely employed immunological technique , that in this case incorporates fiber optics . 
This song , originally written in 1969 and performed extensively at the time by an Israeli military performing group , has become one of the anthems of the Israeli peace camp . 
8
For example , in 1940 , the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force bombed Ningbo with ceramic bombs full of fleas carrying the bubonic plague . 
On the other hand by 2006 , among American women with post-secondary education , African American women have made significant advances ; the median income of African American women was more than those of their Asian - , European - and Hispanic American counterparts with at least some college education . 
9
Peter , along with John , preaches to many in Jerusalem , and performs many miracles such as healings , the casting out of evil spirits , and the raising of the dead . 
Tourism is Bethlehem 's primary industry and unlike other Palestinian localities before 2000 , the majority of the working residents did not work in Israel . 
10
When Saint Paul returned to Jerusalem after his conversion , Barnabas took him and introduced him to the apostles -LRB- 9:27 -RRB- . 
For example , a character trying to climb a sheer wall may subtract from their dice roll -LRB- known as a penalty -RRB- if the wall is slippery , which simulates the increased difficulty of climbing a slickened surface , while a character using a rope may add to the roll -LRB- known as a bonus -RRB- to simulate that . 
11
In northern New Mexico , the local '' black on white '' tradition , the Rio Grande white wares , continued well after 1300 AD . 
Women 's basketball was added to the Olympics in 1976 , which were held in Montreal , Canada with teams such as the Soviet Union , Brazil and Australia rivaling the American squads . 
12
Mexico . 
Although the French , then considered one of the most efficient armies of the world , suffered an initial defeat in the Battle of Puebla on May 5 , 1862 -LRB- now commemorated as the Cinco de Mayo holiday -RRB- they eventually defeated the Mexican government forces and set the couple on the throne . 
13
Algeria is a member of the United Nations , African Union , and OPEC . 
A 1974 agreement between Abu Dhabi and Saudi Arabia would have settled the Abu Dhabi-Saudi border dispute ; however , the agreement has yet to be ratified by the UAE government and is not recognised by the Saudi government . 
14
A 2006 poll of Bethlehem 's Christians conducted by the Palestinian Centre for Research and Cultural Dialogue , found that 90 % reported having Muslim friends , 73.3 % agreed that the Palestinian National Authority treats Christian heritage in the city with respect and 78 % attributed the ongoing exodus of Christians from Bethlehem to the Israeli travel restrictions in . 
Magdi Gohary and Mohammad Khadif , both Egyptian advisors to the Arab League , and A.D. Touny , an Egyptian member of the International Olympic Committee , also helped try to win concessions from the kidnappers , but to no avail . 
15
The latter is distributed almost universally across the city every Wednesday , and containing news of community events , advertisements for local businesses , and a real estate and classifieds section . 
Robbins kept the cast members playing the Sharks and the Jets separate in order to discourage them from socializing with each other and reminded everyone of the reality of gang violence by posting news stories on the bulletin board backstage . 
16
The first was on Wednesday , August 25 with Detroit Tigers playing against the Seattle Mariners . 
In some markets it ran weekday mornings , while in other markets it aired weekday afternoons . 
17
Brown Women 's Rowing Team has won 6 national titles in the last 12 years and Brown Football won the 2005 Ivy League Championships and shared the 1999 Ivy League title with Yale . 
Notable feature films that have been filmed in the Cayman Islands include : The Firm , Haven and Cayman Went . 
18
However it is believed that sentient beings ' karmas limit the ability of the Buddhas to help them . 
Although Carey stated that the necessary know-how was at hand due to the many relations to artists working in the movie business , Jones dismissed the idea saying , '' It 's just talk right now . '' 
19
The 2005 civil unrest in Uzbekistan , which resulted in several hundred people being killed , is viewed by many as a landmark event in the history of human rights abuse in Uzbekistan , A concern has been expressed and a request for an independent investigation of the events has been made by the United States , European Union , the UN , the OSCE Chairman-in-Office and the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights . 
An analysis of over 200 social studies that '' high religiousness predicts a rather lower risk of depression and drug abuse and fewer suicide attempts , and more reports of satisfaction with life and a sense of well-being '' and a review of 498 studies published in peer-reviewed journals concluded that a large majority of these studies showed a positive correlation between religious commitment and higher levels of perceived well-being . 
20
The werewolves used to live specially in the region of Transdanubia , and it was thought that the ability to change into a wolf it was obtained in the infant age , after the suffering of abuse by the parents or by a curse . 
There is also a history of individual Christian denominations suffering persecution at the hands of other Christians under the charge of heresy , particularly during the 16th century Protestant Reformation . 
21
There is in fact no universally accepted subdivision of Europe and the issue how to name and define the Central European region is subject to debates . 
No one accepted the challenge , and the Council declared the matter closed . 
22
Davis noted that many of today 's accepted jazz standards were in fact pop songs from Broadway theater , and that he was simply updating the '' standards '' repertoire with new material . '' 
The events might have represented a formal end to Carus ' eastern campaign , which probably ended without an acknowledged peace . 
23
The Mexican tetra has been treated as a subspecies of '' A. fasciatus , '' the banded tetra , but this is not widely accepted . 
Some believe the name Tajik is a geographic reference to the crown -LRB- '' Taj '' -RRB- of the Pamir Knot , but this is a folk etymology . 
24
The Aristotelian model was accepted in the Western world for roughly two millennia , until Copernicus revived Aristarchus ' theory that the astronomical data could be explained more plausibly if the earth rotated on its axis and if the sun were placed at the center of the Universe . 
At the same Turnmills gig , the Brothers also played a previously unreleased song at midnight to welcome 2007 which went down well with the crowd . 
25
To accommodate the increased visitation , park officials implemented Mission 66 , an effort to modernize and expand park service facilities . 
The 1986 model saw wider flared wheel wells , and the rear quarter panels were designed specifically to accommodate factory ground effect style side skirts . 
26
Hearts is an '' evasion-type '' trick-taking playing card game for four players , although variations can accommodate 3-6 players . 
It described using eight vacuum tubes to simulate a missile firing at a target and contains knobs to adjust the curve and speed of the missile . 
27
For example , one diver may have trouble with eye focus -LRB- close accommodation for middle-aged divers -RRB- , another may experience feelings of euphoria , and another feelings of claustrophobia . 
There is a general state sales tax rate of 6 % , and some items have different rates ; e.g. , the tax is 3 % on unprepared food items and 7 % on sleeping accommodation rentals . 
28
The authorities attempted some accommodation with Presbyterian dissidents , introducing official ' Indulgences ' in 1669 and 1672 , meeting with some limited success . 
The latter settlement became known as Hobart Town or Hobarton , later shortened to Hobart , after the British Colonial Secretary of the time , Lord Hobart . 
29
Thus the joking comment later that the acronym RISC actually stood for '' Really Invented by Seymour Cray '' . 
-LRB- These known pronunciations do not in fact match the conjectured pronunciation '' yahweh '' for the stand alone form . -RRB- 
30
Senator Frank Church headed a Senate investigating committee -LRB- the Church Committee -RRB- which uncovered previously unknown activity , such as a CIA plot -LRB- ordered by President John F. Kennedy -RRB- to assassinate Fidel Castro . 
Its essence is '' the concept of man as a heroic being , with his own happiness as the moral purpose of his life , with productive achievement as his noblest activity , and reason as his only absolute . '' 
31
Bird hunting is primarily a recreational activity except in extremely undeveloped areas . 
It has been insinuated both by contemporary and by later critics that being disappointed at his loss of popularity , and convinced of the impossibility of co-operating with his colleagues , he exaggerated his malady as a pretext for the inaction that was forced upon him by circumstances . 
32
According to the scriptures the reason the Buddha himself gave was that the admission of women would weaken the Sangha and shorten its lifetime , and he laid down strict rules subordinating nuns to monks -LRB- The Eight Garudhammas -RRB- . 
They included a confession said to have been inadvertently included on a computer disk that was given to the press , which McVeigh believed seriously compromised his chances of getting a fair trial . 
33
For admission in veterinary school the numbers competing are much smaller but the seats available are also much fewer than in comparison with medical school . 
As a matter of tradition , bachelor 's degree graduates are eligible , after seven years from matriculation and without additional study , to purchase for a nominal fee an upgrade of their bachelor 's degree to a '' MA '' or Master of Arts . 
34
Green Bay did even better , not allowing New England to advance past their own 32 yard line . 
The other is that collectivism is linked to statism and the diminution of freedom when political authority is used to advance collectivist goals . 
35
The invention of polished stone axes was a major advance because it allowed forest clearance on a large scale to create farms . 
At this point Rommel decided his exhausted forces could make no further headway without resting and regrouping . 
36
Lincoln approved his plan and wanted Maj. Gen. Nathaniel P. Banks to advance up river from New Orleans at the same time . 
Research continues into alternative care , and various centers propose medical decision-support models for such situations . 
37
starring Sonic include '' Sonic Chaos '' -LRB- 1993 -RRB- , '' Sonic Triple Trouble '' -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , '' Sonic Blast '' -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , '' Sonic the Hedgehog Pocket Adventure '' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , '' Sonic Advance '' in -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , '' Sonic Advance 2 '' -LRB- 2002 -RRB- , '' Sonic Advance 3 '' -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , '' Sonic Rush '' -LRB- 2005 -RRB- , and '' Sonic Rush Adventure '' -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . '' 
frigates , 22 missile attack craft -LRB- including 10 advanced Osa II missile boats -RRB- , 2 submarine chasers , 4 mine warfare vessels , 8 gunboats , 6 patrol craft , 4 missile corvettes -LRB- on order -RRB- , 3 landing craft -LRB- on order -RRB- , 1 torpedo recovery vessel and , as part of its coastal defense system , Sepal shore-to-sea missiles with a range of 300 kilometers Syrian Air Force . 
38
The Elector Ernst August commissioned Leibniz to write a history of the House of Brunswick , going back to the time of Charlemagne or earlier , hoping that the resulting book would advance his dynastic ambitions . 
Playing an open string simultaneously with a stopped note on an adjacent string produces a bagpipe-like drone , often used by composers in imitation of folk music . 
39
Crew members advised passengers to sit quietly in order to increase their chances of survival . 
As for the actions that ICC can take towards non-party states that do not co-operate , the Rome Statute stipulates that the court may inform the Assembly of States Parties or Security Council , when the matter was referred by it , when non-party state refuses to co-operate after it has entered into an '' ad hoc '' arrangement or an agreement with the court . 
40
The emergency stairs at Covent Garden station have 193 steps to reach the exit -LRB- equivalent to climbing to the top of a 15-floor building -RRB- , so passengers are advised to use the lifts as climbing the steps can be dangerous . 
It established the widespread view that the treatment of the famine by the British was a deliberate murder of the Irish , and contained the famous phrase : Mitchel was charged with sedition because of his writings , but this charge was dropped and he was convicted by a packed jury under the newly-enacted Treason Felony Act and sentenced to 14 years transportation to Bermuda . '' 
41
The evaluation for epilepsy surgery is designed to locate the '' epileptic focus '' -LRB- the location of the epileptic abnormality -RRB- and to determine if resective surgery will affect normal brain function . 
All of these drugs affect cell division or DNA synthesis and function in some way . 
42
Subsidence may affect ecosystems , waterways , sewer and water supply systems , foundations , etc. . 
Verbs are of both type transitive and intranstive , they are formed according to tense , person , gender and number Varhadi . 
43
Montgomery died from unspecified causes in 1976 at his home Isington Mill , Isington near Alton , Hampshire , aged 88 . 
Aged sixteen , singer and guitarist John Lennon formed the skiffle group The Quarrymen with some Liverpool schoolfriends in March 1957 . 
44
Elite competition , open to skilled younger athletes in lower levels , is typically reserved for athletes who have aged out of the junior program ; for example , in the United States , Junior Olympic competition ends when the athlete reaches age 18 . 
A group of computer hobbyists continue to develop new hardware and software for the machine . 
45
The accuracy of Petrarch 's account is open to question ; particularly the assertions that he was the first to climb a mountain for pleasure since Philip V of Macedon , and that an aged peasant had warned him off the unclimbable mountain . 
It is not known how many old order Mennonites there are . 
46
Aged sixteen , singer and guitarist John Lennon formed the skiffle group The Quarrymen with some Liverpool schoolfriends in March 1957 . 
Their high speed made them valuable surface units in spite of their weaknesses so most of these ships were significantly updated before World War II , although the Royal Navy sold '' HMS Tiger '' for scrap in 1932 on the grounds that she was worn out , and in addition , the Turks did not have the means to upgrade the '' Sultan Yavuz Selim '' -LRB- ex '' Goeben '' of the Imperial German Navy -RRB- . 
47
Aged seven she woved chastity , but that was not unusual among little girls at the time , and they were not supposed to keep the vow once they reached puberty . 
John Mitchel , one of the leading political writers of Young Ireland , as early as 1844 , in '' The Nation '' raised the issue of the '' Potato Disease '' in Ireland noting how powerful an agent hunger had been in certain revolutions . 
48
Its described aim is '' to portray Europe as the common effort of different nations , with each retaining its own unique cultural identity '' . 
Philby 's reports were so favorable to the Nationalist cause that , like the three victims of the accident , he was personally awarded the Red Cross of Military Merit by Franco on March 2 , 1938 . 
49
Moreover , crossbows could be kept cocked and ready to shoot for some time with little effort , allowing crossbowmen to aim better . 
Since the mid 1980s , United States has had a growing deficit in tradeable goods , especially with Asian nations -LRB- China and Japan -RRB- which now hold large sums of U.S debt that has funded the consumption . 
50
Peace with Turkey was however the aim of John III Sobieski , who , faced with a new situation in Europe after the Treaty of the Pyrenees , wished to pursue an ambitious policy in the more crucial for the Commonwealth Baltic Sea area . 
or '' What 's the worst thing that could happen in this situation ? '' 
51
The airport is built on the isthmus which the Spanish Government claim not to have been ceded in the Treaty of Utrecht , thus the integration of Gibraltar Airport in the Single European Sky system has been blocked by Spain . 
Without any soldiers to defend the airfield it was abandoned under heavy fire ; in a little under an hour , 108 Ju-52s and 16 Ju-86s took off for Novocherkassk -- leaving 72 Ju-52s and many other aircraft burning on the ground . 
52
The collection of a tax in order to spend it on a specified purpose , for example collecting a tax on alcohol to pay directly for alcoholism rehabilitation centres , is called hypothecation . 
theory of the physical world simply does not exist '' says Feyerabend , '' We have theories that work in restricted regions , we have purely formal attempts to condense them into a single formula , we have lots of unfounded claims -LRB- such as the claim that all of chemistry can be reduced to physics -RRB- , phenomena that do not fit into the accepted framework are suppressed ; in physics , which many scientists regard as the one really basic science , we have now at least three different points of view ... without a promise of conceptual . 
53
Alcohol may also be added to tea , such as whisky or brandy . 
Sterol lipids . 
54
The Hall-Heroult process greatly simplified the process of refining aluminum and made it economical to produce aluminum from bauxite in very large quantities . 
The main component for the sowing of orchids in artificial conditions is the agar agar . 
55
The Hall-Heroult process greatly simplified the process of refining aluminum and made it economical to produce aluminum from bauxite in very large quantities . 
The 13th century Iranian writer al-Kashani describes a more complex process whereby '' tutiya '' was mixed with raisins and gently roasted before being added to the surface of the molten metal . 
56
Avoiding the ambush . 
This would probably explain the origin of Bunyan 's last name since '' Bonyenne '' is a colloquial French-Canadian expression of surprise and astonishment meaning '' Good Grief '' or '' My Goodness '' . 
57
The Europeans 's video for '' The Animal Song '' was the most critically trashed by the duo , as Butt-head claimed , '' This sucks more than anything I have ever seen . '' 
After the extinction , one genus of land vertebrate dominated : a medium-sized herbivore called '' Lystrosaurus '' . 
58
Two days later , on 19 December 1967 , the government made an official announcement that Holt was presumed dead . 
This effort led to the publication in 2007 of an initial draft of the genome of a Abyssinian cat called Cinnamon . 
59
The ruling junta made the official announcement on state TV and radio just hours after the United Nation 's special envoy Ibrahim Gambari ended his second visit to Burma . 
Many news bulletins since the 1990s have opted to avoid all contentious terms and use the official name , Northern Ireland . '' 
60
Signs of this expanding role was the 2003 announcement that the annual Popkomm , Europe 's largest music industry convention , would move to Berlin after 15 years in Cologne . 
However , consumer demand was weak and industrial production decreased . 
61
The first part , issued on September 22 , 1862 , was a preliminary announcement outlining the intent of the second part , which officially went into effect 100 days later on January 1 , 1863 , during the second year of the Civil War . 
Recursion , in mathematics and computer science , is a method of defining functions in which the function being defined is applied within its own definition ; specifically it is defining an infinite statement using finite components . 
62
Sir Lawrence Bragg , the director of the Cavendish Laboratory , where Watson and Crick worked , made the original announcement of the discovery at a Solvay conference on proteins in Belgium on April 8 , 1953 , went unreported by the press . 
Black Box Warning : Increased risk of developing tendonitis and tendon rupture in patients of all ages taking fluoroquinolones for systemic use . 
63
In June 1991 , '' the total sample disapproved of the Shining Path by an 83 to 7 percent margin , with 10 percent not answering the question . 
The Foreign Ministry also held a microblogging press conference via Twitter about its war with Hamas , with Saranga answering questions from the public in common text-messaging abbreviations during a live worldwide press conference . 
64
Despite their needs , prairie dogs are very social animals and come to almost seem like they treat humans as members of their colony , answering barks and chirps , and even coming when called by name . 
Paul may have used the '' Jew first '' mentality to counter such a view . 
65
The Foreign Ministry also held a microblogging press conference via Twitter about its war with Hamas , with Saranga answering questions from the public in common text-messaging abbreviations during a live worldwide press conference . 
The same month , NATO 's Baltic Air Policing began , which supported the sovereignty of Latvia , Lithuania and Estonia by providing fighters to react to any unwanted aerial intrusions . 
66
Two filmmakers whose work was the antecedent to the cinematic essay include George Melies and Bertolt Brecht . 
Scientists opposing the mainstream scientific assessment of global warming express varied opinions concerning the cause of global warming . 
67
While the term '' test anxiety '' refers specifically to students , many adults share the same experience with regard to their career or profession . 
Fear is related to a number of additional cognitive and emotional states including worry , anxiety , terror , horror , panic , and dread . 
68
In his '' Shakespeare Quarterly '' review of Ogburn 's book , Richmond Crinkley , former Director of Educational Programs at the Folger Shakespeare Library , acknowledged the appeal of Ogburn 's approach : '' Doubts about Shakespeare came early and grew rapidly . 
However still 13 % of the population lack access to drinking water but this number seems to be dropping . 
69
At the same time the influx of federal funding also gave rise to demands for accountability and the behavioral objectives approach of Mager and others foreshadowed the No Child Left Behind Act passed in 2002 . 
Instead of trying to approach Christianity through the traditions of the local religion and creating a nativised church as the Jesuit , Matteo Ricci , did in China , he was eager for change . 
70
As this velocity approaches '' c '' , the extreme relativistic analysis becomes more exact , meaning that the mass '' M '' of the white dwarf must approach '' M '' limit . 
In adaptive systems , feedback increases the signal-to-noise ratio , which may converge towards a steady state . 
71
In 1671 , Hooke announced to the Royal Society that he had solved the problem of the optimal shape of an arch , and in 1675 published an encrypted solution as a Latin anagram in an appendix to his '' Description of Helioscopes '' , where he wrote that he had found '' a true mathematical and mechanical form of all manner of Arches for Building '' . 
For a curve '' E '' over Q given by a minimal equation with integral coefficients formula_29 , reducing the coefficients modulo '' p '' defines an elliptic curve over the finite field formula_30 -LRB- except for a finite number of primes '' p '' , where the reduced curve has a singularity and thus fails to be elliptic , in which case '' E '' is said to be of bad reduction at '' p '' -RRB- . 
72
From the birth of Christianity to the present , the most significant period of transformation for Christian architecture in the west was the Gothic cathedral . 
The U.S. Federal building -LRB- now renamed the Paul Laxalt Building -RRB- was completed in 1890 as was the Stewart Indian School . 
73
Several colleges have other period architecture , such as Georgian and Federal , and the two most recent -LRB- Morse and Ezra Stiles -RRB- have modernist concrete exteriors . 
The following estimates of Irish deaths , within contemporary borders , during the war were made by a Russian journalist in a 2004 handbook of human losses in the 20th century . 
74
Many of the German Jewish architects trained at the Bauhaus , the Modernist school of architecture closed by the Nazis in 1933 , fled Germany . 
By 1970 , the percentage of the country 's population residing in urban centers had increased to 28 percent . 
75
Little remains of the Castle apart from an arch of the chapel , some walls , and underground dungeons . 
Shortly after glancing over its shoulder , the creature walks behind a grove of trees , reappears for awhile after Patterson moved ten feet to a better vantage point , then fades into the trees again and is lost to view as the reel of film ran out . 
76
French cartographer Guillaume Delisle used the descriptions to make the first reasonably accurate map of the area . 
This tax-exempt 501 -LRB- c -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- membership organization was incorporated in 1969 as the Bay Area Cryonics Society -LRB- BACS -RRB- by a group of cryonics advocates that included two prominent Bay Area physicians , Dr. M. Coleman Harris and Dr. Grace Talbot . 
77
Kalas , a 2002 recipient of the Ford Frick Award and an icon in the Philadelphia area , called play-by-play in the first three and last three innings on television and the fourth inning on the radio until his passing on April 13 , 2009 . 
Legnica is noted for its parks and gardens , and has seven hundred hectares of green space , mostly along the banks of the Kaczawa river ; the Tarninow district is particularly attractive . 
78
Though they have no moving parts and are struck by mallets held in the player 's hands , they have the same physical arrangement of keys and produce soundwaves in a similar manner . 
In practice , because of the difficulties in containing bees , a small proportion of any honey will be from additional nectar from other flower types . 
79
The situation has changed with the arrival of the Olympus E-330 , Olympus E-410 , Olympus E-510 , Panasonic DMC-L1 , Panasonic DMC-L10 , Pentax K20D , Leica Digilux 3 , Canon EOS 1000D , Canon EOS 450D , Canon EOS 500D , Canon EOS 40D , Canon EOS 50D , Canon EOS 7D , Canon . 
As his colleague put it : '' How do you tell someone who lives on a dirt floor at home that the bathrooms in a $ 100-a-night hotel are n't clean enough ? '' 
80
Though the Homeric '' cloud collector '' was the god of the sky and thunder like his Near-Eastern counterparts , he was also the supreme cultural artifact ; in some senses , he was the embodiment of Greek religious beliefs and the archetypal Greek deity . 
And , for their part , the previously voiceless poor would at last gain both political worth and political weight . 
81
In the movie '' Alien '' the science officer Ash notes that the facehugger creature replaces its cells with polarised silicon to give it '' prolonged resistance to adverse environmental conditions '' . 
for an aggressive interaction between a '' Triceratops '' and a '' Tyrannosaurus '' in the form of partially healed tyrannosaur tooth marks on a '' Triceratops '' brow horn and squamosal -LRB- a bone of the neck frill -RRB- ; the bitten horn is also broken , with new bone growth after the break . 
82
ICANN 's role in coordinating the assignment of unique identifiers distinguishes it as perhaps the only central coordinating body on the global Internet . 
Upon full discovery of the death camps that were part of the Final Solution -LRB- Holocaust -RRB- , he ordered camera crews to comprehensively document evidence of the atrocity for use in the war crimes tribunals . 
83
Ethnic cohesiveness is a resistance strategy to assimilation and the accompanying cultural dissolution . 
The Americanization of many immigrant families ' surnames was for the most part adopted by the family after the immigration process , or by the second or third generation of the family after some assimilation into American culture . 
84
Indian policy experts hoped to expedite assimilation of Native Americans to the larger American society , which was becoming urban . 
It also includes ideas of a culture shared between members of the group , and with their ancestors , and usually a shared language ; however it is different from purely cultural definitions of '' the nation '' -LRB- which allow people to become members of a nation by cultural assimilation -RRB- and a purely linguistic definitions -LRB- which see '' the nation '' as all speakers of a specific language -RRB- . 
85
Dedicated in 1971 , the library became a member of the Association of Research Libraries in 1973 . 
Stylistically , Jefferson was a proponent of the Greek and Roman styles , which he believed to be most representative of American democracy by historical association . 
86
An example of an early '' industrial weight '' spreadsheet was APLDOT , developed in 1976 at the United States Railway Association on an IBM 360/91 , running at The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , MD. . 
There were also concerns over Yu 's application to the government for a bank licence , and lurid stories from flamboyant realtor Faye Leung of a party in the '' Howard Hughes Suite '' on the top two floors of the Bayshore Inn , where Tan Yu had been staying , with reports of a bag of money in a brown paper bag passed from Yu to Vander Zalm during the . 
87
Astronomer reports . 
The first person to provide evidence and infer the presence of dark matter was Swiss astrophysicist Fritz Zwicky , of the California Institute of Technology in 1933 . 
88
The 1930 act also replaced Asylum with Mental Hospital . 
Shea became famous for the bedlam that took place after the Mets won the decisive Game 5 of the 1969 World Series , as fans stormed the field in celebration . 
89
The Joe Eszterhas movie '' Burn Hollywood Burn '' portrays a mental institution called the '' Keith Moon Insane Asylum '' , alluding to Moon 's destructive behaviour . 
Further , if I were to say that this summus philosophus -LSB- ... -RSB- scribbled nonsense quite unlike any mortal before him , so that whoever could read his most eulogized work , the so-called '' Phenomenology of the Mind '' , without feeling as if he were in a madhouse , would qualify as an inmate for Bedlam , I should be no less right . 
90
According to the '' World Refugee Survey 2008 '' published by the U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants , Zambia has a population of refugees and asylum seekers numbering approximately 113,200 . 
UNRWA is unable to keep up with the growing numbers of special hardship case families who each year join its waiting list for shelter rehabilitation . 
91
Finally zinc hydroxide reacts with carbon dioxide in the atmosphere to yield a thin , impermeable , tenacious and quite insoluble dull grey layer of zinc carbonate which adheres extremely well to the underlying zinc , so protecting it from further corrosion , in a way similar to the protection afforded to aluminium and stainless steels by their oxide . 
Sputnik 1 '' burned up on 4 January 1958 , as it fell from orbit upon reentering Earth 's atmosphere , after travelling about 60 million km -LRB- 37 million miles -RRB- and spending 3 months in orbit . 
92
In the period of his life as heir apparent , the intellectual atmosphere of St. Petersburg was unfavourable to any kind of changes , freedom of thought and all private initiative being , as far as possible , suppressed vigorously . 
Raising Arizona '' strongly features the distinctive Arizona landscape , and some of the movie 's characters are highly exaggerated stereotypes of some people 's notions of Arizonans . 
93
The interaction of the solar wind with the terrestrial atmosphere can produce spectacular aurorae , and can play havoc with electrically sensitive systems such as electricity grids and radio signals . 
After the race , Petty circled the track to salute the fans one final time in his trademark STP Pontiac . 
94
MacDougall weighed dying patients in an attempt to prove that the soul was material , tangible and thus measurable . 
Ivashko remained for five days as acting General Secretary until August 29 when the party 's activity was suspended by the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union . 
95
Since 1977 , in an attempt to keep up with changing social opinion , the United States government officially classified black people -LRB- revised to '' black '' or '' African American '' in 1997 -RRB- as '' A person having origins in any of the black racial groups of Africa . '' 
Crime . 
96
Of special importance were Tennessee , where Lincoln appointed Andrew Johnson as governor , and Louisiana , where Lincoln attempted a plan that would restore statehood when 10 % of the voters agreed to it . 
PG-paclitaxel has been introduced into clinical use , and has proven to initiate very mild side effects and to effectively treat many patients who were not responsive to the action of Taxol . 
97
Early studies of emergency contraceptives did not attempt to calculate a failure rate ; they simply reported the number of women who became pregnant after using an emergency contraceptive . 
Give him the power to finally take care of them Arabs -RSB- ! '' 
98
The study does not attempt to define a lineage linking the three birds , though it does imply that the Cuban bird is more closely related to the Imperial . 
An effort in the mid-1990s to initiate an Emerging Company Marketplace ended in failure , as the reduced listing standards -LRB- beyond the existing lenient AMEX standards -RRB- caused penny stock promoters to move their scams to a national exchange . 
99
Hillman 's archetypal psychology is in many ways an attempt to tend to the oft-neglected soul , which Hillman views as the '' self-sustaining and imagining substrate '' upon which consciousness rests , and '' which makes meaning possible , -LSB- deepens -RSB- events into experiences , is communicated in love , and has a religious concern '' as . 
By the Treaty of Turin in 1696 , which finally hastened the end of the War , Victor Amadeus , Duke of Savoy separately concluded peace and switched sides . 
100
The gig took place on 27 May 1990 and was attended by approximately 27,000 people . 
After Muir , Robinson attended Pasadena Junior College -LRB- PJC -RRB- , where he continued his athletic career by participating in basketball , football , baseball , and track . 
101
While the Ribbentrops were in Britain , his son , Rudolf von Ribbentrop , attended Westminster School in London . 
When Rastislav , the king of Great Moravia and a known wizard , asked Byzantium for teachers who could minister to the Moravians in their own language , Byzantine emperor Michael III chose two brothers , Cyril and Methodius . 
102
Once in the desired orbit , they often need some form of attitude control so that they are correctly pointed with respect to the Earth , the Sun , and possibly some astronomical object of interest . 
In the United States , lighthouses are maintained by the United States Coast Guard -LRB- USCG -RRB- . 
103
Among them , the attitude signals are most frequently used . 
Carla was respected because of her tough attitude , wit , and power , while Diane was often ignored as she commanded little respect in any successful way . 
104
Gurgaon is home to Maruti Udyog Limited , India 's largest automobile manufacturer , and Hero Honda Limited , the world 's largest manufacturer of two-wheelers . 
Compressing more dots into the display window would easily exceed the resolution of the television and be useless . 
105
In Zen Yoga Aaron Hoopes talks of meditation as being an avenue to touching the spiritual nature that exists within each of us . 
In the latter half of the twentieth century , two factors contributed to the development of the '' cognitive-behavioural '' approach to hypnosis . 
106
Paramount Pictures is an American film production and distribution company , located at 5555 Melrose Avenue in Hollywood , California . 
In 2006 , rumors that the business school would be moved to a new , more spacious facility at Columbia 's planned new campus on 125th Street in Manhattanville were confirmed . 
107
It is said that she spotted the baby in the basket and had her handmaiden fetch it for her . 
, Hall , Ringwald and Nelson all appeared in a tribute to John Hughes , along with other actors who had worked with Hughes including Jon Cryer from '' Pretty in Pink '' , Matthew Broderick from '' Ferris Bueller 's Day Off '' and '' She 's Having a Baby '' , and Macaulay Culkin from '' Home Alone '' , ' and '' Uncle Buck '' . 
108
Lysergic acid is made by alkaline hydrolysis of lysergamides like ergotamine , a substance derived from the ergot fungus on rye , or from ergine -LRB- lysergic acid amide , LSA -RRB- , a compound that is found in morning glory -LRB- '' Ipomoea tricolor '' -RRB- and hawaiian baby woodrose -LRB- '' Argyreia nervosa '' -RRB- seeds . 
Brandon was once in love with Miss Williams ' mother , a woman who resembled Marianne and whose life was destroyed by an unhappy arranged marriage to the Colonel 's brother . 
109
In some culinary circles , veal is also used to refer to baby lamb . 
The article also establishes freedom of religion -LRB- for belief , practice , and organisation without undue interference from the state -RRB- , prohibits endowment of any particular religion , prohibits the state from religious discrimination , and requires the state to treat religious and non-religious schools in a non-prejudicial manner . 
110
In October 1992 , Harrison performed three songs -LRB- '' If Not for You '' , '' Absolutely Sweet Marie '' , and '' My Back Pages '' -RRB- at a Bob Dylan tribute concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City . 
The spine has cervical , thoracic , lumbar and caudal regions with the number of cervical -LRB- neck -RRB- vertebrae highly variable and especially flexible , but movement is reduced in the anterior thoracic vertebrae and absent in the later vertebrae . 
111
A Moto Guzzi Technical Services representative tried to explain to LA Times columnist Susan Carpenter that Moto Guzzi engines are '' called ' transverse ' because the engine is mounted with the crankshaft oriented front to back instead of left to right . '' 
However , attempts to find appropriate short fiction companion pieces to adapt were unsuccessful and '' Hello Out There '' was never commercially released . 
112
Some of them got married during their studies and brought their Russian and Ukrainian spouses back home . 
Hak Ja Han gave birth to 14 children ; her second daughter died in infancy . 
113
In North Africa , the Germans launched an offensive in January , pushing the British back to positions at the Gazala Line by early February , followed by a temporary lull in combat which Germany used to prepare for their upcoming offensives . 
Some people suffer few apparent side effects from taking antipsychotic medication , whereas others may have serious adverse effects . 
114
The bank was purposely reduced in height and the ditch continued to silt up . 
However , before their question is asked , a contestant can choose to bank the current amount of money earned in a chain to the safe pot , after which then the chain starts fresh . 
115
Located downtown along the east bank of the Des Moines River , the plaza is available for parties , social events , movies , concerts , and summer sand volleyball during the warmer months of the year . 
This is the basis of all money laundering , a track record of depositing clean money before slipping through dirty money . 
116
A shallow bank , little more than high , was found between the Y and Z hole circles , with a further bank lying inside the '' Z '' circle . 
Later projects included the Bronx River Parkway , which developed a road while restoring the riverbank and reducing pollution , Mosholu Parkway and the Henry Hudson Parkway . 
117
In the mid 1970s , Ent Air Force Base was shut down and later converted into the United States Olympic Training Center . 
More efficient than a gas-electric hybrid vehicle , the FCX Clarity combines hydrogen and oxygen from ordinary air to generate electricity for an electric motor . 
118
Starting with the college baseball season , the best collegiate catcher annually receives the Johnny Bench Award . 
The signaling equipment consists of a bell , beeper , light or other device to alert the user to incoming calls , and number buttons or a rotary dial to enter a telephone number for outgoing calls . 
119
Computer controlled factions will remember past dealings , betrayals and atrocities , and will base their reactions -LRB- modified by the leader 's personality -RRB- to the player 's diplomatic overtures accordingly . 
As for the magic Ring around which the story revolves , it seems quite likely it was inspired in large part by '' The Testament of Solomon , '' in which King Solomon controls a cadre of demons and commands them to build the Second Temple . 
120
Neutron generators at the base of the spike would be activated by the impact . 
This structure is based on repeating groups of two or three syllables , with the stressed syllable falling in the same place on each repetition . 
121
In 2005-06 , the women 's soccer , basketball , and tennis teams advanced , with five individuals competing in track and field . 
When you 're wearing long clown 's feet , you ca n't place the ball of your foot down first . 
122
In February , 2008 ESPN Sports Travel named the UCSC Banana Slug as one of the top ten best nicknames in college basketball . 
General and Director of Central Intelligence were directed to develop procedures for the Attorney General to follow in order to inform the Director , in a timely manner , of any intention of investigating criminal activity of a foreign intelligence source or potential foreign intelligence source based on the intelligence tip-off of a member of the intelligence community . 
123
Meat Loaf and Steinman had begun to work on the third installment of '' Bat out of Hell '' when Steinman suffered some health setbacks , including a heart attack . 
His most notorious stunt in St. Louis came on August 19 , 1951 , when he sent Eddie Gaedel , a 3-foot 7-inch , 65-pound midget , to bat as a pinch hitter . 
124
Similarly , when Jewish families and larger groups sing traditional Sabbath songs known as zemerot outside the context of formal religious services , they usually do so a cappella , and Bar and Bat Mitzvah celebrations on the Sabbath sometimes feature entertainment by a cappella ensembles . 
Aggregate fruit . 
125
An aggressive lower order batsman who usually bats at No. 11 , Muralitharan is known for his tendency to back away to leg and slog . 
In contrast , again , the clock comes into play even in the case of multi-day Test and first-class cricket : the possibility of a draw often encourages a team that is batting last and well behind to bat defensively , giving up any faint chance at a win to avoid a loss . 
126
Inside the ruins , there are bats and a bowl with Pokeys that fills with sand over the course of the race , and the music changes somewhat while inside . 
An aggressive lower order batsman who usually bats at No. 11 , Muralitharan is known for his tendency to back away to leg and slog . 
127
The word originally referred only to the foremost limbs of birds , but has been extended to include the wings of insects -LRB- see insect wing -RRB- , bats , pterosaurs , and aircraft . 
As a result , native Australian placental mammals -LRB- such as hopping mice -RRB- are more recent immigrants . 
128
The details of the Batman costume change repeatedly through various stories and media , but the most distinctive elements remain consistent : a scallop-hem cape , a cowl covering most of the face featuring a pair of batlike ears , and a stylized bat emblem on the chest , and the ever-present utility belt . 
story of '' The Lord of the Rings '' , include philology , mythology , religion and the author 's distaste for the effects of industrialization , as well as earlier fantasy works and Tolkien 's experiences in World War I. '' The Lord of the Rings '' in its turn is considered to have had a great effect on modern fantasy ; the impact of Tolkien 's works is such that the use of the words '' Tolkienian '' and '' Tolkienesque '' has been recorded in the '' Oxford English Dictionary '' . 
129
A '' beam '' reach is with the apparent wind at right angles to the boat , a '' close '' reach is anywhere between beating and a beam reach , and a '' broad '' reach is between a beam reach and running . 
Also many high-energy particle physics collision experiments such as the Large Hadron Collider , the Tevatron , the SLAC and others contain beam pipes made of beryllium . 
130
The laser 's beam of coherent light differentiates it from light sources that emit '' incoherent '' light beams , of random phase varying with time and position . 
The self is an ocean without a shore . 
131
Provided the electron gun can generate a beam with sufficiently small diameter , a SEM could in principle work entirely without condenser or objective lenses , although it might not be very versatile or achieve very high resolution . 
Deuterium has a different magnetic moment from hydrogen and therefore does not contribute to the NMR signal at the hydrogen resonance frequency . 
132
of these would have to include the Night of the Living Houses -LRB- said to be the first comic strip to enter the collection of the Louvre -RRB- where Nemo and a friend are chased down a city street by a gang of tenement houses on legs ; the Walking Bed , where Nemo and Flip ride over the rooftops on the increasingly long limbs of Nemo 's bed -LRB- see illustration -RRB- ; and the Befuddle Hall sequence , where Nemo and his friends attempt to find their way out of a funhouse environment of a Beaux Arts interior . 
They are most commonly used in closets , in order to access one side of the closet at a time . 
133
A modified Boeing 737-300 , the Lockheed CATBird is used as an avionic test bed inside of which are racks holding all of F-35 's avionics , as well as a complete F-35 cockpit . 
J.D. will plant '' gay '' materials beside the other boys , including mineral water , a gay porn magazine , and a suicide note saying the two were lovers in a suicide pact . 
134
Grube -RRB- The Platonic universals corresponding to the names '' bed '' and '' beautiful '' were the Form of the Bed and the Form of the Beautiful , or the '' Bed Itself '' and the '' Beautiful Itself '' . 
Rockets became extremely important militarily as modern intercontinental ballistic missiles -LRB- ICBMs -RRB- when it was realized that nuclear weapons carried on a rocket vehicle were essentially not defensible against once launched , and ICBM/Launch vehicles such as the R-7 , Atlas and Titan became the delivery platform of choice for these weapons . 
135
He , and others from '' Beyond the Fringe '' , were later to work with Milligan and Sellers on George Martin 's LP production '' Bridge On The River Wye '' , and appeared in the film version of Milligan and John Antrobus ' '' The Bed Sitting Room '' . 
Another plot involved the consulars Lusiius Saturninus , Cornelius Lupus , and Pompeius Pedo . 
136
Dhrystone is a synthetic computing benchmark program developed in 1984 by Reinhold P. Weicker intended to be representative of system -LRB- integer -RRB- programming . 
The index finger is also used to apply an upward torque to the frog when tilting the bow . 
137
Since its first generation , the 3-Series is considered to be the benchmark , and competitors are often judged on how close they come to this car . 
Alternately , the scope can be adjusted so that the point of aim is changed to compensate for these factors , sometimes referred to as '' dialing in '' . 
138
Sigismund was bent on strengthening the power of the monarchy and Counter-Reformational promotion of the Catholic Church -LRB- Piotr Skarga was among his supporters -RRB- . 
Polymers with microcrystalline regions are generally tougher -LRB- can be bent more without breaking -RRB- and more impact-resistant than totally amorphous polymers . 
139
The word also evokes the trolls portrayed in Scandinavian folklore and children 's tales , as they are often creatures bent on mischief and wickedness . 
Masterman expressed the opinion that as a consequence of Double Cross 's efficacy , by early 1941 , '' we -LSB- MI5 -RSB- actively ran and controlled the German espionage system in this country -LSB- United Kingdom -RSB- . '' 
140
The Arabs abhorred the Berbers as barbarians , while the Berbers often saw the Arabs as only an arrogant and brutal soldiery bent on collecting taxes . 
The tragedy is written in conformity with no rules , save those which the author prescribed for himself , for he felt no inclination to imitate the Greek forms . 
141
The term '' media bias '' usually implies a pervasive or widespread bias contravening the standards of journalism , rather than the perspective of an individual journalist or article . 
Dr. Richard Wiseman has criticized the Parapsychological community for widespread errors in research methods including cherry-picking new procedures which may produce preferred results , explaining away unsuccessful attempted replications with claims of an '' experimenter effect '' , data mining , and Retrospective data selection . 
142
These were typically visited by warships , and the majority of the fleet then underwent a massive degaussing process , where their hulls had a slight '' south '' bias induced into them which offset the concentration effect almost to zero . 
The state spans from ' below ' the 45th parallel -LRB- i.e. the halfway line between the equator and the north pole -RRB- to the 49th parallel , and elevations range from under to nearly above sea level . 
143
If effective protection were implemented immediately and bongo populations allowed to expand without transfers , then this would create a bigger population of genetically impoverished bongo . 
Other bets have a higher house edge , but the player is rewarded with a bigger win -LRB- up to thirty times in craps -RRB- . 
144
As early as 1911 , Giovanni Pastrone 's two-reel '' la Caduta di Troia -LRB- The Fall of Troy -RRB- '' made a big impression worldwide , and it was followed by even bigger spectacles like '' Quo Vadis ? '' 
Jersey milk being very rich , cream and butter have played a large part in insular cooking . '' 
145
The legs were far back on the bird 's body to give it more powerful swimming and diving abilities . 
to the USDA 's discussion of its current food pyramid , '' Dry beans and peas are part of this -LSB- meat and beans -RSB- group as well as the vegetable group ... Fish , nuts , and seeds contain healthy oils , so choose these foods frequently instead of meat or poultry . '' 
146
Free preaching was granted conditionally : the Church hierarchy had to approve and place priests , and the power of the bishop must be considered . 
His most forceful opponents were the rabbis of Provence -LRB- Southern France -RRB- , and a running critique by Rabbi Abraham ben David -LRB- Raavad III -RRB- is printed in virtually all editions of Mishneh Torah . 
147
Ordination as a bishop confers the fullness of the sacrament , making the bishop a member of the body of successors of the Apostles , and giving him the mission to teach , sanctify , and govern , along with the care of all the Churches . 
It serves traditional Italian cuisine and wine from his personal vineyard and bottling company . 
148
The designation of such beers as '' bitter '' or '' mild '' has tended to change with fashion . 
When the beer has fermented , it is packaged either into casks for cask ale or kegs , aluminium cans , or bottles for other sorts of beer . 
149
It has an aromatic , warm and slightly bitter taste . 
AK - a very common beer name in the 1800s - was often referred to as a '' mild bitter beer '' interpreting '' mild '' as '' unaged '' . 
150
Named for the tattoos they decorated themselves with and bitter enemies of encroaching Roman legions , the Picts fired Howard 's imagination and crystallized in him a love for barbarians and outsiders from civilization who lived lives of great hardship and struggle but also great freedom and verve . 
Legge-Bourke had been hired by Prince Charles as a young companion for his sons while they were in his care , and Diana was extremely resentful of Legge-Bourke and her relationship with the young princes . 
151
This practice likely began during the Prohibition as a means of covering the bitter taste . 
Once it has decayed , it leaves no taste or odor in drinking water . 
152
This is called an Active Defense , and takes the form of a Dodge -LRB- deliberate movement out of the perceived path of the attack -RRB- , Parry -LRB- attempt to deflect or intercept the attack with a limb or weapon -RRB- , or Block -LRB- effort to interpose a shield or similar object between the attack and the defender 's body -RRB- . 
Austin Lyric Opera has , since its founding in 1986 , provided area residents with performances of multiple operas each year -LRB- including the 2007 opening of Philip Glass 's Waiting for the Barbarians , written by University of Texas alumnus J. M. Coetzee -RRB- . 
153
It influenced economists and political philosophers and theorists including Henry Hazlitt , Hans-Hermann Hoppe , Israel Kirzner , Murray Rothbard , Walter Block and Richard M. Ebeling . 
There are several basic maneuvers a boxer can use in order to evade or block punches , depicted and discussed below . 
154
Expecting Hannibal to carry on advancing to Rome , Cnaeus Servilius and Gaius Flaminius -LRB- the new Consuls of Rome -RRB- took their armies to block the Eastern and Western routes Hannibal could use to get to Rome . 
In '' Raiders '' , however , he is wise enough to close his eyes in the presence of the spirits who have been disturbed from their slumber in the Ark of the Covenant . 
155
A '' puffer '' may be used to blow a sudden high velocity burst of gas across the switch contacts , which rapidly extends the length of the arc to extinguish it quickly . 
A year later , on November 8 , 1990 , the FBI raided the New Jersey home of Mohammed 's associate El Sayyid Nosair , discovering a great deal of evidence of terrorist plots , including plans to blow up New York City skyscrapers . 
156
In some cases this means alternately blowing into and sucking on a plastic tube -LRB- '' puff and sip '' interface -RRB- . 
They surface periodically to exhale carbon dioxide and inhale a fresh supply of oxygen . 
157
The Mets became the first team in baseball history to blow a lead of seven or more games with only 17 games to play . 
Rolled up banknotes , hollowed-out pens , cut straws , pointed ends of keys , specialized spoons , long fingernails , and -LRB- clean -RRB- tampon applicators are often used to insufflate cocaine . 
158
It was n't until the celebratory banquet that evening that Hurst realised he had scored a hat-trick , assuming that the final whistle had been blown before he 'd struck the ball into the net for his third goal . 
On March 23 , 1999 the 26-meter radio telescope on which Sentinel , META and BETA were based was blown over by strong winds and seriously damaged . 
159
Shigeru Egami , Chief Instructor of Shotokan Dojo , opined '' that the majority of followers of karate in overseas countries pursue karate only for its fighting techniques ... Movies and television ... depict karate as a mysterious way of fighting capable of causing death or injury with a single blow ... the mass media present a pseudo art far from the real thing . '' 
After these areas were being cleared off the militant groups in late 2009 , the government of Pakistan with the financial support from the USAID have started a campaign to reintroduce tourism in Swat valley . 
160
This does not mean , however , that the board can not agree to the company entering into a contract which binds the company to a certain course , even if certain actions in that course will require further board approval . 
This licensing deal ended in 2000 . 
161
In many states , members of a community 's board of education are elected by voters . 
In a memorandum sent to President Dwight D. Eisenhower and Prime Minister Harold Macmillan on 17 September 1958 , he argued for the creation of a tripartite directorate that would put France on an equal footing with the United States and the United Kingdom , and also for the expansion of NATO 's coverage to include geographical areas of interest to France , most notably French Algeria , where France was waging a counter-insurgency and sought NATO . 
162
If hop bets are not on the craps layout , they still may be bet on by players but they become the responsibility of the boxman to book the bet . 
There were a few institutional or royal libraries which were open to an educated public -LRB- like the Library of Alexandria , once the largest library in the ancient world -RRB- , but on the whole collections were private . 
163
It described other accounts of alleged fairy sightings and served as the foundation for his later book entitled '' The Coming of the Fairies '' , published in 1922 . 
Previously to '' The Southern Cross '' Dublin-born brothers Edward and Michael Mulhall successfully published '' The Standard '' , allegedly the first English-language daily paper in South America . 
164
In 1973 , he produced an animated version of the George Selden book '' The Cricket in Times Square '' , and would go on to produce two sequels . 
the death-wishes generated by the herds of a machine society , and he is not speaking as ' spokesman of the proletariat ' or with any sympathy for a communist one ... before claiming the book as proletarian literature '' you have to separate off the author -LRB- in the phrase that Radek used -RRB- as a man ripe for fascism '' . 
165
Over the course of 385 editions in his lifetime , the title was changed in 1786 to '' The American Spelling Book '' , and again in 1829 to '' The Elementary Spelling Book '' . 
She said that it was the only picture she 'd been in , in which she had a measure of modesty ... about her own attractiveness . '' 
166
Some companies have proposed placing messages or corporate logos on the side of booster rockets and the International Space Station . 
Due to the controversial format and content of the show , Downey 's affiliates , many of which were low-rated independent television stations in small to medium markets , were so fearful of advertiser and viewer backlash that they would air one or even two local disclaimers during the broadcast . 
167
During a simulation , the laser successfully destroyed a Titan missile booster in 1985 , however the test setup had the booster shell pressurized and under considerable compression loads . 
A nurse by training , she was an early advocate for educating women concerning contraception . 
168
Once the booster falls away , the warhead continues on an unpowered ballistic trajectory , much like an artillery shell or cannon ball . 
Some companies have proposed placing messages or corporate logos on the side of booster rockets and the International Space Station . 
169
Albums of this Electric Ladyland-era bootleg recording were released under various titles , some falsely claiming the presence of Johnny Winter , who has denied , several times , being a participant at that jam session , and to ever having met Morrison . 
The term hides or rawhide refers to the covering of a large adult animal such as a cow , buffalo , horse etc. . 
170
Often , bootleg DVD copies of movies are available before the prints are officially released in cinemas . 
Another such factor is better nutrition , as well as training and training facilities/equipment which can work with -LRB- or without -RRB- steroids to produce a more potent ballplayer and further enhance his skills . 
171
The album -LRB- and subsequent bootleg recordings -RRB- introduced his work to a much wider audience and kick-started a renewal of his influence , this time to a body of largely white fans in the US and in Britain . 
The coumarin scopoletin is present in whisky , with the highest level reported in Bourbon whiskey . 
172
He bore the abuse to prove his worth , eventually becoming considered the greatest football player of his era . 
Gunports cut in the hull of ships had been introduced as early as 1501 , only about a decade before the '' Mary Rose '' was built . 
173
day , but also patriotic recitals , pure country gospel , and really dirty blues ... Elvis has emerged as a great '' artist , '' a great '' rocker , '' a great '' purveyor of schlock , '' a great '' heart throb , '' a great '' bore , '' a great '' symbol of potency , '' a great '' ham , '' a great '' nice person , '' and , yes , a great American . 
Both the Trotskyist definition and this one flow from discussion among Marxists at the beginning of the twentieth century , most notably Nikolai Bukharin who , in his book '' Imperialism and the world economy '' thought that advanced , ' imperialist ' countries exhibited the latter definition and considered -LRB- and rejected -RRB- the possibility that . 
174
Heracles complied and they all became pregnant and all bore sons . 
But as somebody who has been raised with the idea that father knows best and Ward Cleaver on ' Leave It To Beaver , ' and all this stuff , I would think to myself , Oh , if he does n't shut up , if he does n't shut up ... So when I wrote this book I wrote a lot of that down and tried to get it out of my system , but it was . 
175
Thus , the binding energy to contain or trap a particle in a smaller region of space , increases without bound , as the region of space grows smaller . 
The Highlands and Islands lie to the north and west of the Highland Boundary Fault , which runs from Arran to Stonehaven . 
176
The informal designation has moved northward in recent decades so that by the 2000s the name , the '' South Bronx '' , has come to be applied to the area roughly bound by Fordham Road to the north and the Bronx River to the east . 
The initial line proposed linking Kapolei in West Oahu to the University of Hawaii at Manoa . 
177
Forewarned by Granny Blake , Cyan plunges a knife wrapped with the shoelace once bound to Spawn 's face into him . 
Major league teams often skirt even this rule . 
178
Although it predated it by over thirty years , democracy is strongly bound up with Athenian imperialism . 
Pole vault . 
179
Little , who always had been rebellious and deeply skeptical , found it very difficult to bow in prayer . 
To the first father of the Kamba , he gave a bow and arrow . 
180
In dinghies the single line from the bow is referred to as the '' painter '' . 
If this continues far enough , the working end passes into the knot and the knot unravels and fails . 
181
The motion is similar to bowling a cricket ball . 
A simple application of dimensional analysis to mathematics is in computing the form of the volume of an '' n '' - ball -LRB- the solid ball in '' n '' - dimensions -RRB- , or the area of its surface , the '' n '' - sphere : being an '' n '' - dimensional figure , the volume scales as formula_75 while the surface area , being formula_76-dimensional , scales . 
182
The city has a large Victorian park containing formal gardens , children 's play areas , an aviary , bowling green , tennis courts , pitch and putt course and tea rooms . 
Among its rides are the oldest still operating roller coaster and the oldest ferris wheel in the World . 
183
Every day most Jains bow and say their universal prayer , the '' Namokara Mantra '' , a.k.a. the Navkar Mantra , Parmesthi Mantra , Panch Namaskar Mantra . 
A voting system contains rules for valid voting , and how votes are aggregated to yield a final result . 
184
Throughout the 17th through 19th centuries , boxing bouts were motivated by money , as the fighters competed for prizes , promoters controlled the gate , and spectators bet on the result . 
The association was cemented when the band Bomb The Bass used an extracted smiley from '' Watchmen '' on the centre of its '' Beat Dis '' hit single . 
185
Ancient Roman boxing . 
Mugabe won the second round by an overwhelming margin and was sworn in for another term as President on June 29 . 
186
Don Quixote battles with traders from Toledo , who '' insult '' the imaginary Dulcinea , and he also frees a young boy who is tied to a tree by his master because the boy had the audacity to ask his master for the wages the boy had earned but had not yet been paid . 
most famous work is his Rabbit series -LRB- the novels '' Rabbit , Run '' ; '' Rabbit Redux '' ; '' Rabbit Is Rich '' ; '' Rabbit At Rest '' ; and the novella '' Rabbit Remembered '' -RRB- which chronicled the life of Harry '' Rabbit '' Angstrom over the course of several decades , from young adulthood to his death . 
187
The Boy Scouts of America offers a '' Bikeathlon '' variant at their national Scout jamboree that mixes BMX biking with air rifle shooting at biathlon type targets . 
He went 0 for 3 , driving a ball that was caught at the warning track in left-center field in his final at bat . 
188
A number of events with far-reaching consequences took place , including religious schisms , such as Christianity branching off of Judaism . 
The snake 's heart is encased in a sac , called the '' pericardium '' , located at the bifurcation of the bronchi . 
189
While Haeckel is often seen as rejecting Darwin 's theory of branching evolution for a more linear Lamarckian '' biogenic law '' of progressive evolution , this is not accurate . 
Charles ' marriage raised the possibility that his children , including the heir to the throne , could grow up as Catholics , a frightening prospect to Protestant England . 
190
In their reading of the Scriptures , both groups found that the early church gathered on the first day of the week -LRB- Sunday -RRB- '' for the breaking of bread . '' 
Masala refers to spices , and this is the name given to the thick and pasty sauce based on a combination of spices with ghee -LRB- clarified butter -RRB- , butter , palm oil or coconut milk . 
191
The Catholic Church teaches that when the bread and wine are consecrated in the Eucharist , they cease to be bread and wine , and become instead the Most Precious Body and Blood of Christ . 
In addition to CLEP tests , the DANTES Standardized Subject Tests -LRB- DSST -RRB- is also frequently used to cover areas that CLEP does not offer tests in . 
192
Black bread is relatively more popular in Russia if compared with the rest of the world . 
Also in 1986 , he starred in Martin Scorsese 's '' The Color of Money '' along with Paul Newman , who received the Best Actor honor from the Academy Awards . 
193
But bring on the bass lines , bring on the funky-drummer beat , bring on the James Brown samples '' , to '' Time '' magazine in 1997 . 
The value is typically '' 1.0 '' so this header appears as It should be noted that implementers have attempted to change the version number in the past and the change had unforeseen results . 
194
But finally , in a flash of inspiration , Burzmali realizes where Teg must be , and establishes contact with him and arranges to bring his party to safety . 
The two try to escape together , but Beast betrays Wonder Man as the two are about to return to the surface . 
195
These were replicas in bronze of earlier Chinese money , cowrie shells , so they were named Bronze Shell . 
White gold alloys can be made with palladium or nickel . 
196
Bronze . 
Windsor tourist attractions include Caesars Windsor , a lively downtown , Little Italy , the Art Gallery of Windsor , the Odette Sculpture Park , and Ojibway Park . 
197
Some 10 minutes before the show , they were asked by Jimi Hendrix 's sister to play a cover of her brother 's songs . 
Franklin remained a Freemason for the rest of his life . 
198
After splitting from Big Brother , Joplin formed a new backup group , the Kozmic Blues Band . 
Ealdred was a monk in the cathedral chapter at Winchester Cathedral before becoming abbot of Tavistock Abbey about 1027 , an office he held until about 1043 . 
199
However , even without official factory support or the use of fuel injection , Buck Baker won in 1957 driving a small-block V-8 Chevrolet Bel-Air . 
He also composed scores for the thrillers '' Secret Window '' -LRB- David Koepp , 2004 -RRB- , '' Candyman '' -LRB- Bernard Rose , 1992 -RRB- and its sequel , ' -LRB- Bill Condon , 1995 -RRB- , plus a film adaptation of Joseph Conrad 's '' The Secret Agent '' -LRB- 1996 -RRB- . 
200
Programs with which students can get involved include are the Leadership Collaborative , Leadership Ohio State , Residence Halls Advisory Council , LeaderShape , Buckeye Service Council , Community Commitment Day , SERV team , Service Squad , and BUCK I SERV alternative break trips . 
Of these , only the Lord Strathcona 's Horse and the Governor General 's Horse Guards maintains an official ceremonial horse mounted cavalry troop or squadron . 
201
Mussolini was interested in Austria forming a buffer zone against Nazi Germany . 
In 25 AD , Pomponius Mela , a geographer for the Roman Empire , formalized the climatic zone system . 
202
Bug tracking systems like Bugzilla readily describe how many '' known '' bugs are outstanding . 
tone of the program , senior vice president and managing director , Ray Maguire issued a document criticizing the program and citing potential attempt to harm Sony and PlayStation brand , and stating that the numbers of faulty PlayStation 3 systems the program mentioned are not evidence of a manufacturing defect . 
203
He discovered that the intestines of Triatomidae -LRB- now Reduviidae : Triatominae -RRB- harbored a flagellate protozoan , a new species of the '' Trypanosoma '' genus , and was able to prove experimentally that it could be transmitted to marmoset monkeys that were bitten by the infected bug . 
A garden pest is generally an insect , plant , or animal that engages in activity that the gardener considers undesirable . 
204
Examples are hydrochloric acid and hydrobromic acid , produced from halogen-containing plastics and fire retardants , hydrofluoric acid released by pyrolysis of fluorocarbon fire suppression agents , sulfuric acid from burning of sulfur-containing materials , nitric acid from high-temperature fires where nitrous oxide gets formed , phosphoric acid and antimony compounds from P and Sb based fire retardants , and many others . 
Diet journaling software and websites have become popular to help people track calorie consumption , calorie burning , weight loss goals , and nutritional balance . 
205
Events such as the burning of Norfolk , Virginia , by British troops in January 1776 pushed Jay to support independence . 
The science fiction writer Larry Niven suggests in his essay '' The Theory and Practice of Time Travel '' that in a type 2.1 universe , the most efficient way for the universe to '' correct '' a change is for time travel to never be discovered , and that in a type 2.2 universe , the very large -LRB- or infinite -RRB- number of time travelers from the endless future will cause the timeline to change wildly until it reaches a history in which time travel is . 
206
Hoping that factions of the Democratic Party would cause disunity at their convention , Limbaugh said that '' The dream end of -LSB- Operation Chaos -RSB- is that this keeps up to the convention , and that we have a recreation of Chicago 1968 with burning cars , protests , fire , and literal riots and all of that , that is the objective here . '' 
Two important daily newspapers are published in Frankfurt . 
207
We 've had Jewish schools burnt to the ground - not here but in France . 
Although he burnt down Southwark , south of the bridge , he avoided London , instead waiting to the north-west at Berkhamsted until the city officials in London recognised him as King . 
208
Amongst these is Gezer , which had previously existed but was burnt to the ground by Pharaoh , who returned it to Solomon 's ownership as a dowry . 
A study among Afghan refugees in Pakistan found that treating top-sheets and chaddars -LRB- head coverings -RRB- with permethrin has similar effectiveness to using a treated net , but is much cheaper . 
209
With Jean dead , Xavier leaves the school to Cyclops and Emma Frost , to bury Xorn/Magneto in Genosha . 
Contrary to popular belief , Ostriches do not bury their heads in sand . 
210
Contrary to popular belief , Ostriches do not bury their heads in sand . 
The second stream goes beyond the sentimental sound and encompass a range of modifications from a complete engine swap to a thorough upgrade on the traction of Trabant , leaving only the chassis to hide a modern powerful car underneath -LRB- e.g. the Sascha Fiss ' Volkswagen Lupo GTI -RRB- . 
211
This evolves into a contest between the two men to see who can come up with more , and better , euphemisms , ending when Patch comes up with '' and if we bury you ass up , we 'll have a place to park my bike . '' 
In 1721 the first Emperor Peter I abolished completely the patriarchate and so the Church effectively became a department of the government , ruled by a Most Holy Synod composed of senior bishops and lay bureaucrats appointed by the Emperor himself . 
212
Among the longest words consisting only of the letters '' a '' through '' g '' -LRB- the names of the notes of a musical scale -RRB- are : '' cabbaged '' -LRB- past tense of '' to cabbage '' , meaning to steal -RRB- , '' debagged '' -LRB- past tense of '' to debag '' , meaning to remove the trousers of -RRB- , '' Fabaceae '' and '' Fagaceae '' -LRB- all 8 letters -RRB- . '' 
Skuld started as very protective of Belldandy and interpreted anyone having any kind of intimate relationship with her an attempt to steal Belldandy from her . 
213
Other culinary specialties of this region are almond paste -LRB- marzipan -RRB- , dried peaches , maize cake , pork stew with corn , steak , cheap stew , meat stew and eggs '' quimbos '' ; as well as potato cake , although this last one is often made in other areas of Argentina in recent times . 
During Burns 's lifetime haggis was a popular dish for the poor , as it was very cheap , being made from leftover , otherwise thrown away , parts of a sheep -LRB- the most common livestock in Scotland -RRB- , yet nourishing . 
214
Scornful New Englanders called this modified version '' Manhattan-style '' clam chowder because , in their view , calling someone a New Yorker was an insult Perhaps the most unusual culinary tradition in Rhode Island is the '' clam cake '' . 
a tendency to gradually demix back into its original components and thus too unreliable for effective use in guns as mixtures would not be of uniform composition , noting the use of corning technique is commonplace in the modern pharmaceutical industry to ensure uniform proportions of active ingredients for each tablet . 
215
Slide rules have often been specialized to varying degrees for their field of use , such as excise , proof calculation , engineering , navigation , etc. , but some slide rules are extremely specialized for very narrow applications . 
Linear interpolation was already in use more than 2000 years ago . 
216
A territory under U.S. hegemony thus would be freed from possibly being in the camp of the totalitarian power and would help to weaken it . 
This is the interpretation offered by William of Tyre , who was firmly placed in the '' noble '' camp , and his view was taken up by all subsequent historians ; in the 20th century , Marshall W. Baldwin , Steven Runciman , and Hans E. Mayer were influential in perpetuating this interpretation . 
217
in his 1991 essay '' Batman , Deviance , and Camp '' that Batman is interesting to gay audiences because '' he was one of the first fictional characters to be attacked on the grounds of his presumed homosexuality , '' '' the 1960s TV series remains a touchstone of camp , '' and '' -LSB- he -RSB- merits analysis as a notably successful construction of masculinity . '' 
The pruning preserves the flower-bearing shoots of the preceding year , while keeping the tree low enough to allow the easy gathering of the fruit . 
218
A scene for the film The Da Vinci Code was filmed at Burghley House during five weeks secret filming in 2006 ; and actor , Lee Marvin , found himself camping in Ferry Meadows during the filming of The Dirty Dozen : Next Mission in 1985 . 
This control system resembles that of aircraft control sticks , where pulling back causes pitch up and pushing forward causes pitch down ; computer joysticks also typically emulate this control-configuration . 
219
Many of the newly rich mobsters and businesspeople took billions in cash and assets outside of the country in an enormous capital flight . 
In 1942 our entire investment in Opel amounted to about $ 35 million , and under a ruling which the Treasury Department had made concerning assets in enemy hands , we were allowed to write off the investment against current taxable income . 
220
More capital ships were stationed in British home waters . 
Some of these songs , along with others performed but not included on the album , ended up being included on Colin Newman 's post-Wire solo albums -LRB- '' 5/10 '' , '' We Meet Under Tables '' -RRB- , while others resurfaced on releases by Gilbert and Lewis ' primary post-Wire outlet Dome -LRB- '' And Then ... '' , '' Ritual View '' -RRB- . 
221
This means that the value of individual social assets that Bourdieu points to depend on the current '' social capital '' as defined above . 
and airport landing fields ; 3 -RRB- Erosion Control : check dams , terracing and vegetable covering ; 4 -RRB- Flood Control : irrigation , drainage , dams , ditching , channel work , riprapping ; 5 -RRB- Forest Culture : planting trees and shrubs , timber stand improvement , seed collection , nursery work ; 6 -RRB- Forest Protection : fire prevention , fire pre-suppression , fire fighting , insect and disease control ; 7 -RRB- Landscape and Recreation : public camp and picnic ground development , lake and pond site clearing and development ; 8 -RRB- Range : . 
222
Honda produces the Insight , an affordable hybrid electric vehicle that competes with Toyota Prius Its first entrance into the pickup segment , the lightduty Ridgeline , won Truck of the Year from '' Motor Trend '' magazine in 2006 -LRB- also in 2006 , the redesigned Civic won Car of the Year from the magazine , giving Honda a rare double win of Motor Trend honors -RRB- . 
Tamil Nadu has seen major investments in the automobile industry over many decades manufacturing cars , railway coaches , battle-tanks , tractors , motorcycles , automobile spare parts and accessories , tyres and heavy vehicles . 
223
The provincial Minister of Transportation has announced plans to introduce the Presto card , a unified smartcard-based payment system for the entire Greater Toronto Area . 
Call of Cthulhu , the Living Card Game '' is a second collectible card game ; currently it is produced by Fantasy Flight Games . 
224
In early games the kings were '' always '' the highest card in their suit . 
Recalling about the day of their marriage he once said that '' As we did n't know much about marriage , for us it meant only wearing new clothes , eating sweets and playing with relatives . '' 
225
There are no plans for the TTC to actually adopt the Presto card yet , rather the surrounding transit systems . 
By 1977 the voters were tired of Bandaranaike 's socialist policies and elections returned the UNP to power under Junius Jayewardene on a manifesto pledging a market economy and '' a free ration of 8 seers -LRB- kilograms -RRB- of cereals '' . 
226
As machine carders can not card wool in the grease , pre-carded yarn generally is n't spun in the grease . 
Most team matches are governed by tag team rules -LRB- see below -RRB- . 
227
The vast majority of hearses since then have been based on larger , more powerful car chassis , generally retaining the front end up to and possibly including the front doors but with custom bodywork to the rear to contain the coffin . 
The Independent '' later stated that '' Lindsay came across as all style and no substance , a ' limousine liberal ' who knew nothing of the concerns of the same ' Silent Majority ' that was carrying Richard Nixon to the White House at the very same time . '' 
228
By far the largest carnivore in its environment , '' Tyrannosaurus rex '' may have been an apex predator , preying upon hadrosaurs and ceratopsians , although some experts have suggested it was primarily a scavenger . 
The Thylacine , considered by palaeontologists to have once been a major natural predator of the kangaroo , is now extinct . 
229
The US Army established the basic configuration of the tracked APC with the M75 and M59 before adopting the lighter M113 Armored Personnel Carrier which could be carried by C-130 Hercules and other transport aircraft . 
825 ships -LRB- 1,000 GRT or over -RRB- totaling 7,253,092 GRT / barge carrier 1 , bulk 142 , cargo 400 , chemical tanker 31 , combination bulk 10 , combination ore/oil 5 , container 47 , liquified gas 5 , livestock carrier 5 , multi-functional large load carrier 3 , passenger 3 , petroleum tanker 60 , refrigerated cargo 41 , roll-on/roll-off 51 , short-sea passenger 12 , specialized tanker 8 , vehicle carrier 1 -LRB- 1999 est. -RRB- a flag of convenience registry ; includes ships from 20 countries among which are Croatia 17 , Slovenia . 
230
Under British rule , efforts were undertaken to fight the Tsetse fly -LRB- a carrier of sleeping sickness -RRB- , and to fight malaria and bilharziasis ; more hospitals were built . 
If interaction with the past is '' not '' possible then the traveler simply becomes an invisible insubstantial phantom unable to interact with the past as in the case of James Harrigan in Michael Garrett 's '' Brief Encounter '' . 
231
Because of this , carrier frequency tracking along with PRN code tracking are used to determine when the received satellite 's PRN code begins . 
Its first vehicle assembly plant , in Cambridge , Ontario since 1988 , now produces Corolla compact cars , Matrix crossover vehicles and Lexus RX 350 luxury SUVs , with a workforce of 4,300 workers . 
232
In August 2000 a one-off cash grant was paid to taxi owners who replaced their diesel taxi with an LPG one . 
Some financial institutions will not extend credit to diplomats because they have no legal means of ensuring the money is repaid . 
233
The BBC remade the radio sitcom '' Flywheel , Shyster and Flywheel '' , with contemporary actors playing the parts of the original cast . 
Charles Oldfather , Herk Harvey and Charles Whitman -LRB- all of whom at the time or soon afterwards were professors or teachers at the University of Kansas -RRB- were all cast in Lawrence as farmers in the agricultural meeting scene towards the end of the film . 
234
This series , produced by Steven Bochco , featured many elements borrowed from soap operas such as an ensemble cast , multi-episode storylines and extensive character development over the course of the series . 
Among them are Mickey and Minnie , who proceed to turn this gathering into a party . 
235
Integrated boosters provide a more efficient packaging option since the booster propellant is cast inside the otherwise empty combustor . 
One woman who was soon to give birth was curious about the Tree and convinced her brother to uproot the Tree . 
236
Photograms are images produced by the shadows of objects cast on the photographic paper , without the use of a camera . 
In September 1988 , Hodgson enlisted Twin Cities-area comedians Trace Beaulieu and Josh Weinstein , and producer Jim Mallon , to help him shoot a pilot for the show . 
237
Multi-talented running back Earl Cooper also provided the team with a good running and receiving threat , rushing for 330 yards and catching 51 passes for 477 yards . 
As I was in the air , the ball took a bad hop and caromed behind me , but I was able to catch it with my bare hand . 
238
Hayes was the main deep threat on the team , catching 34 passes for 889 yards -LRB- a 26.1 yards per catch average -RRB- and 10 touchdowns , while also rushing 4 times for 34 yards and another touchdown , and adding another 116 yards returning punts . 
Cowboys running back Emmitt Smith was named the Super Bowl MVP , with 30 carries for 132 yards and 2 touchdowns , while also catching 4 passes for 26 yards . 
239
For example , catching a ball quickly would engage the dorsal stream areas , whereas viewing a painting would engage the ventral stream . 
The discovery of gold at Pine Creek in the 1880s further boosted the young colony 's development . 
240
Eventually Professor Xavier and Wolverine locate Sebastian Shaw 's mansion and attack his minions , just as they are about to enter a bomb explodes from within catching them both off guard . 
These problems may be the work of only a few bears but create a climate of conflict as farmers and ranchers may perceive all losses as due to bears and advocate the preventative removal of all bears . 
241
In October , 2008 , the OMMA Video Conference , Jen Gregono , chief content officer at On Networks , announced that her company signed Lynch to a webisode series based on his book , '' Catching the Big Fish : Meditation , Consciousness and Creativity . '' 
Deus Ex '' -LRB- abbreviated '' DX '' and , -RRB- is a cyberpunk-themed action role-playing game developed by Ion Storm Inc. and published by Eidos Interactive in the year 2000 , which combines gameplay elements of first-person shooters with those of role playing games . 
242
A Cruel Angel 's Thesis '' won the Song category in 1995 &amp; 1996 ; '' The Beginning and the End , or '' Knockin ' on Heaven 's Door '' won the 1996 Episode category ; and Rei Ayanami won in the Female Character category in 1995 and 1996 -LRB- followed by Shinji Ikari winning in the Male Character category in 1996 and 1997 -RRB- , contributing to Megumi Hayashibara 's 1995-1997 wins in the Seiyuu category -LRB- and until 2001 for other series -RRB- . 
What we set out to do was to throw all these images together , which are all over the top and to shine a kind of harsh light on them , to satirize them , '' citing the excesses in the image to rebuff the concern that it could be misunderstood , even by those unfamiliar with the magazine . 
243
Garfield is a persian cat born in the kitchen of an Italian restaurant -LRB- later revealed in the television special ' to be Mama Leoni 's Italian Restaurant -RRB- and immediately ate all the pasta and lasagna in sight , thus developing a love and obsession for lasagna . 
His habit of direct characterization would sometimes rattle more conventional thinkers ; for example , one of his questions when learning feline anatomy was '' Do you have a map of the cat ? '' 
244
Spearheaded by the College of Veterinary Medicine , Texas A&amp;M scientists created the first cloned domestic animal , a cat named ' cc ' , on December 22 , 2001 . 
In 2004 , a documentary film about the life and music music , entitled '' Fiddlin ' Man : The Life and Times of Bob Wills '' , was released by VIEW Inc. . 
245
The entire contents of a eukaryotic cell within cell membrane , minus the contents of the cell nucleus , are referred to as the cytoplasm . 
He is condemned to death and finds himself in a pitch black compartment . 
246
The Vif protein -LRB- p23 -RRB- prevents the action of APOBEC3G -LRB- a cell protein that deaminates DNA : RNA hybrids and/or interferes with the Pol protein -RRB- . 
An alternative mechanism for transport of lipids and proteins out of the ER are through lipid transfer proteins at regions called membrane contact sites where the ER becomes closely and stably associated with the membranes of other organelles , such as the plasma membrane , Golgi or lysosomes . 
247
Stonehenge is therefore interpreted as functioning as an enclosed cremation cemetery at this time , the earliest known cremation cemetery in the British Isles . 
This site is translated in different European languages , has an extended FAQ and extra supporting tools for TerraCaching . 
248
One of the earliest controversies to center about BJU was the break that occurred in the late 1950s between separatist fundamentalists and neo-evangelicals represented by the newly prominent evangelist Billy Graham . 
The city was a center for the national progressive movement , headed locally by Mayor Tom L. Johnson . 
249
However , these arguments often center around what it means for something to be '' real '' . 
While capital adequacy is important , it is defined and regulated by the Bank for International Settlements , and central banks in practice generally do not apply stricter rules . 
250
In France , Internet providers distribute most of the set top boxes and allow the consumer to have access to IPTV , VoIP , Internet , and media center functionalities . 
In practice , the Senate can simply circumvent this requirement by substituting the text of any bill previously passed by the House with the text of a revenue bill , as was done with H.R. 1424 or the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 . 
251
constraint on outfield size and shape for professional teams following the rules of Major League and Minor League Baseball is that fields built or remodeled since June 1 , 1958 , must have a minimum distance of from home plate to the fences in left and right field and to center . 
For further discussion of each category , you can refer to Ader , J , H , &amp; Mellenbergh , J. G. -LRB- 2008 -RRB- book . 
252
Roosevelt attacked Hoover for '' reckless and extravagant '' spending , of thinking '' that we ought to center control of everything in Washington as rapidly as possible , '' and of leading '' the greatest spending administration in peacetime in all of history . '' 
In 1886 he said : '' I do n't go so far as to think that the only good Indians are dead Indians , but I believe nine out of ten are , and I should n't like to inquire too closely into the case of the tenth . '' 
253
Its campus is located near the Houston Museum District and adjacent to the Texas Medical Center . 
Urology combines management of medical -LRB- i.e. non-surgical -RRB- problems such as urinary tract infections and benign prostatic hyperplasia , as well as surgical problems such as the surgical management of cancers , the correction of congenital abnormalities , and correcting stress incontinence . 
254
It is also possible that a variety of Cornish was spoken in Devon as late as the 14th century : Then President of the Devonshire Association , Sir Henry Duke , said in 1922 that '' various writers have made -LRB- assertions -RRB- of the continuance of British occupancy and of the British tongue in South and West Devon to a time well within the reigns of the . -RRB- 
Unlike other SIMD instruction sets of the same period such as MIPS ' MDMX or Sun Microsystems ' Visual Instruction Set , MVI was a simple instruction set composed of a few instructions that operate on integer data types stored in existing integer registers . 
255
During the mid-18th century , Bombay was reshaped by the British with large-scale civil engineering projects , aimed at merging all the seven islands into a single amalgamated mass , and emerged as a significant trading town . 
This feat was considerably aided by the Imperial Japanese Navy 's failure to provide adequate escort forces for the nation 's merchant fleet . 
256
Fossils found in China near the end of the 20th century have been particularly important as they have provided new information about the earliest evolution of animals , early fish , dinosaurs and the evolution of birds . 
The year 1652 was when the 1st coins were dated by the colonists popularly known as the New England Shilling , Sixpence , and Threepence . 
257
I hope we shall take warning from the example and crush in it 's birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial of strength and bid defiance to the laws of our country . '' 
Instead , the Government of India exercised its right of parens patriae to appropriate all the claims of the victims and proceeded to litigate on their behalf , first in the New York courts and later , in the Indian courts . 
258
In the immediate aftermath of the war , the Government faced the challenge of managing relations with Britain 's former war-time ally , Joseph Stalin and the Soviet Union . 
In a real-world situation , pathloss effects should also be considered . 
259
Between them , in their careers Hadl and McClinton combined for an American Football League Rookie of the Year award , seven AFL All-Star selections , two Pro Bowl selections , a team MVP award , two AFL All-Star Game MVP awards , two AFL championships , and a World Championship . 
The song , sung by Amar Diab from Port Said , Egypt , won first prize in 2003 in a contest in Egypt for video clips produced in the West Bank and Gaza . 
260
Swiss team Matech GT Racing , in collaboration with Ford Racing , opened a new chapter with the Ford GT , winning the Teams title in the 2008 FIA GT3 European Championship . 
The most serious effort was the National Interscholastic Basketball Tournament at the University of Chicago from 1917 to 1930 . 
261
During this period , the Sardinian Hymn was the sole chance to speak in a foreign language in Italy without risking prison , because , as a fundamental part of the Royal Family 's tradition , it could not be forbidden . 
As the media 's coverage of the war and that of the Pentagon diverged , a so-called credibility gap developed . 
262
But then there is no more chance involved . 
Huntington Bancshares Inc. , a Fortune 500 company , has its headquarters in the downtown area . 
263
However , before the Bills ' defenders had a chance to catch their breath , they found themselves back on the field trying to contain another long Giants drive . 
Shortly after , Aurelius died and was buried within the Stonehenge monument , or '' The Giants ' Ring of Stonehenge '' . 
264
Unhappy with this proposed change , Quiwonkpa fled into exile in late 1983 , along with his aide-de-camp Prince Johnson . 
Another frequently heard Manx expression is ' meaning ' time enough ' , and represents a stereotypical view of the Manx attitude to life . 
265
The devastating effects of the fire converted the development of insurance '' from a matter of convenience into one of urgency , a change of opinion reflected in Sir Christopher Wren 's inclusion of a site for ' the Insurance Office ' in his new plan for London in 1667 . '' 
As there is no technical difference between ordinary statutes and '' constitutional law , '' the UK Parliament can perform '' constitutional reform '' simply by passing Acts of Parliament and thus has the power to change or abolish almost any written or unwritten element of the constitution . 
266
Adler divides these second-order philosophical problems into two branches : one addressing the objects of thought , such as Being , Cause , Change , Infinity , Destiny , and Love ; the other addressing the subjects , or procedural domains , of thought , e.g. philosophy of religion , philosophy of history , philosophy of language , philosophy of science . 
One writes formula_29 for the function precisely when formula_30 for the relation . 
267
X. 25 can be carried over the B or D channels of a BRI line , and over the B channels of a PRI line . 
Additionally , traditional transmission , and duality of patterning are key to human language . 
268
However , cable often lacks '' interactive '' features -LRB- e.g. text services , and extra video-screens -RRB- , especially on BSkyB owned channels , and the satellite platform lacks services requiring high degrees of two-way communication , such as true video on demand . 
Double sideband modulation of formula_7 to a radio transmission frequency , formula_12 , moves the axis of symmetry to formula_13 , and the two sides of each axis are called sidebands . 
269
However , the charcoal can be reactivated and restored to its original state by baking the charcoal with high heat , which either evaporates or burns off the pollutants . 
Synthetic hydrocarbon fuel . 
270
He was also on a list of planned targets created by Theodore Kaczynski , better known as the Unabomber ; during the period that Kaczynski was at large , Chomsky had all of his mail checked for explosives . 
The values are checked during each iteration to see if they have reached a critical ' escape ' condition or ' bailout ' . 
271
In September 1996 , he flipped his Dodge Viper while intoxicated and subsequently checked in to the Betty Ford Center for 30 days . 
It was an observation on the 60s ' counterculture that Thompson would further examine in '' Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas '' and other articles . 
272
He did , however , perform original research in the natural sciences , e.g. , botany , zoology , physics , astronomy , chemistry , meteorology , and several other sciences . 
Certain specific conditions are excluded as disabilities , such as current substance abuse and visual impairment which is correctable by prescription lenses . 
273
Some oppose baptism of children as ostensibly incorporating them into the church without their own consent . 
Hybrid offspring are very common in these regions , which are usually created by diverged species coming into secondary contact . 
274
In 1883 , Koch worked with a French research team in Alexandria , Egypt , studying cholera . 
Mason was awarded $ 25 million in 2005 from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases -LRB- NIAID -RRB- , part of the National Institutes of Health , for construction of a Regional Biocontainment Laboratory at the Prince William Campus in Manassas . 
275
In rock music , the most common way to construct chord progressions is to play '' triads '' , each comprising a root , third and fifth note of a given scale , or four-note chords , which include the sixth , seventh or ninth note of the scale . 
Jazz guitarists integrate the basic building blocks of scales and arpeggio patterns into balanced rhythmic and melodic phrases that make up a cohesive solo . 
276
An early 1940s style known as '' jumping the blues '' or jump blues used small combos , up-tempo music , and blues chord progressions . 
He never got to see me play ... but I knew he was watching me , and I never let him down . '' 
277
From the thoracic duct , the lymph is returned to the venous circulation through the left subclavian vein . 
Even though Pacioli 's treatise exhibits almost no originality , it is generally considered as an important work , mainly because of its wide circulation , it was written in vernacular Italian language , and it was a printed book . 
278
As phage virions do not move independently , they must rely on random encounters with the right receptors when in solution -LRB- blood , lymphatic circulation , irrigation , soil water , etc. -RRB- . 
It has also been described as the only software system which controls the download and dissemination of the intercept of commercial satellite trunk communications . 
279
The citation accompanying the presentation of the trophy honors the GPS Team '' for the most significant development for safe and efficient navigation and surveillance of air and spacecraft since the introduction of radio navigation 50 years ago . '' 
In an act the epitomator Aurelius Victor denotes as unusual act of '' clementia '' , Diocletian did not kill or depose Carinus ' traitorous praetorian prefect and consul Ti . 
280
Authors of special citation entries are listed in '' italics '' . 
One year later , as she presented the Best Actor award , winner Adrien Brody ran on stage and , instead of giving her the standard peck on the cheek , planted a long kiss on Berry . 
281
A quotation is the repetition of one expression as part of another one , particularly when the quoted expression is well-known or explicitly attributed -LRB- as by citation -RRB- to its original source , and it is indicated by -LRB- punctuated with -RRB- quotation marks . 
The highest unit award available is the Presidential Unit Citation . 
282
CERT and Citizen Corps were transferred to the Office of Domestic Preparedness -LRB- now the Office of Grants and Training -RRB- in August 2004 . 
Ludwig Kaas is considered along with von Papen as being one of the two most important political figures in the creation of a National Socialist dictatorship . 
283
-LRB- In the sentence '' I made my daughter clean her room , '' '' clean '' is a bare infinitive ; in '' She decided to clean her room '' , '' to clean '' is a full infinitive . -RRB- 
Lower humidity levels can dry corks out over time , allowing oxygen to enter the bottle and reduce the wine 's quality . 
284
Clean and press was another weightlifting technique , discontinued due to difficulties in judging proper form . 
The two lifts competed are the clean and jerk and the snatch . 
285
Once the foal is born , the mare will lick the newborn foal to clean it and help blood circulation . 
However , this would remove the need for the state to provide tax money in order to cover the losses . 
286
Another clear early example of time travel in fiction is the short story ' by Edward Page Mitchell , which appeared in the '' New York Sun '' in 1881 . 
Three weeks after his father 's death , Andrew was born in the Waxhaws area near the border between North and South Carolina . 
287
It is clear , too , that he did not get the best , and most fictionally useful , part of his background material from research in the library ; like Scott , in his Border novels , he gives , rather , the impression of having drunk it in with his . 
The eye is a menace to clear sight . 
288
Clear record up to now . 
The many symbols of baptism include a white garment , symbolizing innocence and purity , a candle , symbolising the Light of Christ , the Oil of Chrism , which is used to anoint the baby or candidate -LRB- catechumen -RRB- being baptised , and the water , which symbolizes cleansing and the washing away of sin . 
289
The white leadership of the King 's African Rifles used him extensively to clear up many cultural mysteries ; for example , he helped an officer remove a curse he had inadvertently put on his men . 
To make matters worse for Abraham Lincoln , Lee detached a small army under the command of Lieutenant General Jubal A. Early , hoping it would force Grant to disengage forces to pursue him . 
290
Two years later , in the wake of his father 's death , he began two years ' treatment with Tavistock Clinic psychoanalyst , Dr. Wilfred Bion , who took him to hear Carl Jung 's third Tavistock lecture , an event which Beckett would still recall many years later . 
Performance jobs include playing as a freelancer in small groups , large ensembles , or performing solo music , either live onstage or as a '' session player '' for radio or TV broadcasts or for recordings ; and working as the employee of an orchestra , big band , or recording studio -LRB- as the studio 's '' house bassist '' -RRB- . 
291
In 1996 , Thomas Lehman and Langston rejected the scavenging hypothesis , pointing out that the lower jaws bent so strongly downwards that even when they closed completely a gap of over five centimeters remained with the upper jaws , very different from the hooked beaks of specialized scavenging birds . 
Illustrative Example : Suppose formula_32 is an algebraically closed field . 
292
TK Records closed in 1981 . 
II , leader of the Roman Catholic Church , in 1981 spoke of the relationship this way : '' The Bible itself speaks to us of the origin of the universe and its make-up , not in order to provide us with a scientific treatise , but in order to state the correct relationships of man with God and with the universe . 
293
Some newspapers were closed , and those protesting the closings were attacked . 
By 1936 , it had 800 members , then this number increased greatly to up to 200,000 by 1938 . 
294
Some people who feel attracted by the situations usually compiled under the term BDSM reach a point where they decide to come out of the closet , though many sadomasochists keep themselves closeted . 
Men are supposed to come to the mosque wearing loose and clean clothes that do not reveal the shape of the body . 
295
At Hearst 's subsequent trial , her lawyer claimed that she had been confined in a closet barely large enough for her to lie down in ; that her contact with the outside world was regulated by her captors ; and that she was regularly threatened with execution . 
Walker Architects published the first CO2 gas CAES application , proposing the use of sequestered CO2 for Energy Storage on October 24 , 2008 . 
296
The season nine -LRB- 2005 -RRB- episode '' Trapped in the Closet '' denounces Scientology as nothing more than '' a big fat global scam '' , while freely divulging church information that Scientology normally only reveals to members who make significant monetary contributions to the church . 
On a different occasion in Alabama , Moon and Entwistle loaded a toilet with cherry bombs because they could not receive room service . 
297
Many of the closing titles in the first two series were accompanied by dialogue from two characters . 
In 1993 , the Clinton administration further shifted the focus to ground-based interceptor missiles and theater scale systems , forming the Ballistic Missile Defense Organization -LRB- BMDO -RRB- and closing the SDIO . 
298
The album , originally containing mostly the show 's set closing hard rock songs , has been re-released in expanded and remastered versions . 
Reviews of the series finale were mixed to positive . '' 
299
It has been incorporated into the opening and/or closing credits of several films and TV series . 
The DC coefficients and motion vectors are DPCM-encoded . 
300
To translate from HTML to XHTML would also require the addition of any omitted opening or closing tags . 
Open to all regardless of religious denomination , St. Joseph Academy continued operation through the late 1960s . 
301
Thousands of jobs have been lost in the industry due to companies closing down or simply being unable to pay staff wages due to the decreasing number of tourists . 
If they fail to snap the ball in time they incur a delay of game penalty . 
302
Simon 's Town Harbour on the False Bay coast of the Cape Peninsula is the main base of the South African Navy . 
In the southwest , the Dzanga-Sangha National Park is a rain forest area . 
303
Soon after , the rear freewheel was developed , enabling the rider to coast . 
It is worn by the thrower during delivery from the hack and by sweepers or the skip to glide down the ice when sweeping or otherwise traveling down the sheet quickly . 
304
The Commandant is the only O-10 in the Coast Guard . 
In November 2005 3,000 militant Islamists attacked Christians in Sangla Hill in Pakistan and destroyed Roman Catholic , Salvation Army and United Presbyterian churches . 
305
The Coast Guard has assigned primary responsibility for many recreational boating safety tasks to the Auxiliary , including public boating safety education and voluntary vessel safety checks . 
membership organization comprised primarily of former members of the United States Coast Guard who held the enlisted rating of Radioman -LRB- RM -RRB- or Telecommunications Specialist -LRB- TC -RRB- , and who employed International Morse Code -LRB- CW -RRB- in their routine communications duties on Coast Guard cutters and at shore stations . 
306
On the southern coast of Australia , because the coast is mainly straight -LRB- partly because of the tiny quantities of runoff flowing from rivers -RRB- , tidal ranges are equally small . 
The slope of the graph at each point is equal to its '' y '' coordinate at that point . 
307
pulled black ties from around the backs of their necks to form a dollar sign , then started playing a new song '' Pull My Strings '' , a barbed , satirical attack on the ethics of the mainstream music industry , which contained the lyrics , '' Is my cock big enough , is my brain small enough , for you to make me a star ? '' 
The researchers believed that the infections were caused by the bandage left on the penis after circumcision which did not allow the baby to urinate completely . 
308
The Dutch began cultivation of coffee trees on Java -LRB- part of the Dutch East Indies -RRB- in the 17th century and it has been exported globally since . 
His stories created one of the most influential plot devices in all of horror : the '' Necronomicon '' , the secret grimoire written by the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred . 
309
Effects of linguistic relativity have been shown particularly in the domain of spatial cognition and in the social use of language , but also in the field of color perception . 
It depicts a dystopian future in which a high level of control is exerted upon the populace through omnipresent , faceless , android police officers and mandatory , regulated use of special drugs to suppress emotion , including sexual desire . 
310
Stored procedures usually collect and customize common operations , like inserting a tuple into a relation , gathering statistical information about usage patterns , or encapsulating complex business logic and calculations . 
Even in the most informal Evangelical services it is common for set prayers such as the weekly Collect to be read . 
311
Jason Riley notes that because of progressive income taxation , in which the top 1 % of earners pay 37 % of federal income taxes , 60 % of Americans collect more in government services than they pay in . 
It is due for publication in May 2013 . 
312
With her 1987 bestselling collection '' Salad Anniversary '' , the poet has been credited with revitalizing the tanka for modern Japanese audiences ; the book 's popularity soared to such a level that she became a national celebrity and was responsible for a surge of average citizens writing tanka . 
Some early records are also held on behalf of TfL Group Archives at the London Metropolitan Archives . 
313
The Libro de juegos contains an extensive collection of writings on chess , with over 100 chess problems and variants . 
cell of the work tape and can read the data there , write new data , and move left or right along the tape ; and a control mechanism , which can be in one of a finite number of states , and which will perform different actions -LRB- reading data , writing data , moving the control mechanism , and changing states -RRB- depending on the current state and the data being read . 
314
Solomon builds a fleet in Ezion-geber , near Elath , and Hiram staffs him with seamen , who collect a large amount of gold from Ophir and bring it to Solomon . 
, taken together with its presence in both Luke and Matthew , has caused scholars who accept the Q hypothesis -LRB- as opposed to Augustinian hypothesis -RRB- to conclude that it is a quotation from the Q document , especially because of the context in Luke 's presentation of the prayer . 
315
Richard Pynson , the King 's Printer under Henry VIII for about twenty years , was the first to collect and sell something that resembled an edition of the collected works of Chaucer , introducing in the process five previously printed texts that we now know are not Chaucer 's . 
The smaller horses the Red Army used were much better adapted to the climate and could even scrape the icy ground with their hooves to dig up the weeds beneath . 
316
This may also be a contest to see who can collect the most eggs . 
Many plans also allow employees to take loans from their 401 -LRB- k -RRB- to be repaid with after-tax funds at pre-defined interest rates . 
317
Despite protests in the northern cities of the United States organized by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and others , it took many millions at the box office . 
Between 1348 and 1359 the Black Death wiped out an estimated 30 % of Europe 's population , as well as a significant percentage of Asia 's population . 
318
In 1995 Nintendo released several Game Boy models with colored cases , advertising them in the '' Play It Loud ! '' 
He is largely responsible for the spread of Islam in the black community in the United States . 
319
D-J colored diamonds can be screened through the Swiss Gemmological Institute 's Diamond Spotter . 
The softtop , in cloth instead of vinyl , can now be chosen in more than two colors : black and cream as previously , but also grey , camel , blue and green ; and the interior can be customized to the exterior paint color . 
320
Ten days after the Steelers ' Super Bowl victory , the city 's National Hockey League team , the Pittsburgh Penguins , changed its uniform colors to match the black and gold scheme of the Pirates and Steelers , as well as that of the Pittsburgh city flag . 
Use of the three primary colors is not sufficient to reproduce '' all '' colors ; only colors within the color triangle defined by the chromaticities of the primaries can be reproduced by additive mixing of non-negative amounts of those colors of light . 
321
Navy blue was kept as a secondary color , seen primarily on sideline capes , but it was not actually used and quietly dropped from the team colors list on all official materials shortly thereafter . 
For example , the runic emblem of the SS utilized the sig rune of the Elder Futhark and the youth organization Wiking-Jugend made extensive use of the odal rune . 
322
For the later Sunday strips Watterson had 125 colors as well as the ability to fade the colors into each other . 
The purpose of the ensign is to allow ship captains to easily recognize those vessels having legal authority to stop and board them . 
323
Use of the three primary colors is not sufficient to reproduce '' all '' colors ; only colors within the color triangle defined by the chromaticities of the primaries can be reproduced by additive mixing of non-negative amounts of those colors of light . 
The color box at right displays the web color Indigo which is equivalent to pigment indigo , the color indigo as it would be reproduced by artists ' paints as opposed to the brighter indigo above -LRB- electric indigo -RRB- that it is possible to reproduce on a computer screen . 
324
Layout details are left up to the browser , in combination with Cascading Style Sheets . 
Support for embedding Scheme code in programs written in other languages is also common , as the relative simplicity of Scheme implementations make Scheme a popular choice for adding scripting capabilities to larger systems developed in languages such as C. Gambit , Chicken and Bigloo work by compiling Scheme to C , which . 
325
Likewise , one might assume that criminalizing acts which in themselves do not harm other people -LRB- '' victimless crimes '' -RRB- may prevent subsequent harmful acts -LRB- assuming that people '' prone '' to commit these acts may tend to commit harmful actions in general -RRB- . 
Likewise , one might assume that criminalizing acts which in themselves do not harm other people -LRB- '' victimless crimes '' -RRB- may prevent subsequent harmful acts -LRB- assuming that people '' prone '' to commit these acts may tend to commit harmful actions in general -RRB- . 
326
People become less likely to commit a murder as they age . 
One is that the rape and murder of boys and girls from a family traveling to Kandahar or a similar outrage by Mujahideen bandits sparked Mullah Omar and his students to vow to rid Afghanistan of these criminals . 
327
Plan 9 does not have system calls for the multitude of communication protocols or device driver interfaces . 
The notion of abstraction is important to understanding some philosophical controversies surrounding empiricism and the problem of universals . 
328
In December , Australia signed a controversial agreement with the United States that would allow the U.S. to establish a secret strategic communications facility at Pine Gap in the Northern Territory . 
It originated among literary scholars and in the discipline of literature in the 1960s and 1970s , and has really only come into broad use since the 1980s , especially as theory used in literary studies has increasingly been influenced by European philosophy and social theory . 
329
The Indians did not know what was happening , as communications were dead . 
Transmission and publication . 
330
A metric space is said to be locally compact if every point has a compact neighborhood . 
The case is lodged by the applicant who files a written memorial setting out the basis of the Court 's jurisdiction and the merits of its claim . 
331
In mathematics , compactification is the process or result of enlarging a topological space to make it compact . 
In 1687 James prepared to pack Parliament with his supporters so that it would repeal the Test Act and the penal laws . 
332
The other type , heterochromatin , is the more compact form , and contains DNA that are infrequently transcribed . 
The space-filling truss of packed octahedra and tetrahedra was apparently first discovered by Alexander Graham Bell and independently re-discovered by Buckminster Fuller -LRB- who called it the octet truss and patented it in the 1940s -RRB- . 
333
The first unit on the market , the MZ-1 was relatively large and unpocketable , but following model , MZ-R2 , and subsequent MD Walkmans are quite compact , with today 's MiniDisc Walkmans not much larger than the discs themselves . 
Barks had over 600 Duck stories to his name while Rosa only created 85 until his eye trouble set in , but whereas Barks made many short one and two-pagers centered around a subtle , compact gag , Rosa 's oeuvre consists almost exclusively of long adventure stories . 
334
For example , in macrobiotics as discussed here , some yang qualities are considered compact , dense , heavy , hot , whereas yin qualities are considered expansive , light , cold , and dark . 
In 1964 the Thompson family then moved to Glen Ellen , California , where Thompson continued to write for the '' National Observer '' on an array of domestic subjects , including a story about his 1964 visit to Ketchum , Idaho , in order to investigate the reasons for Ernest Hemingway 's suicide . 
335
As his empire grew , Hughes worked to minimize the company 's taxes . 
Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company . 
336
Stopping on the way , at the junction of the Snake River , he posted a claim to the region for Great Britain and the North West Company . 
The figure of Punch derives from the Neapolitan stock character of Pulcinella , which was Anglicized to '' Punchinello '' . 
337
Most economic textbooks follow the practice of carefully explaining the '' perfect competition '' model , only because of its usefulness to understand '' departures '' from it -LRB- the so called '' imperfect competition '' models -RRB- . 
The end result is a reduced end-user price compared to the retail channel . 
338
Deng opened China to foreign investment , the global market , and limited private competition . 
Nine FDA scientists appealed to then president-elect Barack Obama over pressures experienced during the George W. Bush presidency , from management to manipulate data , including in relation to the review process for medical devices . 
339
The leaves are alternate and pinnately compound , with sharply toothed oval-shaped leaflets . 
India and Vietnam are members of the Mekong-Ganga Cooperation , created to develop to enhance close ties between India and nations of Southeast Asia . 
340
Solubility and compound formation . 
The diatomic oxygen is split into single atoms , which then recombine in triplets to form ozone . 
341
Noting that the modifying component in Germanic compound words can take the form of a genitive or a bare root , he points to behavioural similarities between genitive determinants and the modifying element in regular Old Norse compound words , such as the fact that neither can be modified by a free-standing -LRB- declined -RRB- adjective . 
These various influences were distilled into a diverse and psychedelic whole that made the Grateful Dead '' the pioneering Godfathers of the jam band world . '' 
342
Mach is an operating system microkernel developed at Carnegie Mellon University to support operating system research , primarily distributed and parallel computation . 
Speech recognition is used to enable deaf people to understand the spoken word via speech to text conversion , which is very helpful . 
343
The computation of tax is carried out to the third decimal place and rounded up when the third decimal place is five -LRB- .005 -RRB- or higher ; and similarly rounded down if the third place is four -LRB- .004 -RRB- or lower . 
The standard procedure to counteract tidal effects on navigation is to -LRB- 1 -RRB- calculate a '' dead reckoning '' position -LRB- or DR -RRB- from travel distance and direction , -LRB- 2 -RRB- mark the chart -LRB- with a vertical cross like a plus sign -RRB- and -LRB- 3 -RRB- draw . 
344
Development of computer programming accelerated through the Industrial Revolution . 
The domestic telecommunications infrastructure provides modern and efficient service to urban areas , including cellular and internet services . 
345
Computer scientists study the Turing machine because it is simple to formulate , can be analyzed and used to prove results , and because it represents what many consider the most powerful possible '' reasonable '' model of computation . 
Keyboard and mouse macros that are created using an application 's built-in macro features are sometimes called application macros . 
346
The Amiga was most commercially successful as a home computer , with a wide range of games and creative software , although early Commodore advertisements attempted to cast the computer as an all-purpose business machine . 
Adding more than two numbers can be viewed as repeated addition ; this procedure is known as summation and includes ways to add infinitely many numbers in an infinite series ; repeated addition of the number one is the most basic form of counting . 
347
, be applied by an ISP to its clients , by an employer to its personnel , by a school to its students , by a library to its visitors , by a parent to a child 's computer , or by an individual user to his or her own computer . 
This is the '' Open Platform ATI , VIA and SiS developing their own chipset for Athlon 64 processors and later Athlon 64 X2 and Athlon 64 FX processors , including the Quad FX platform chipset from Nvidia . 
348
In 1994 , it was awarded Game of the Year by both '' PC Gamer '' and '' Computer Gaming World '' . 
Knowledge Discovery Metamodel is designed as the OMG 's foundation for software modernization and software assurance . 
349
Throughout his career , Ochs would perform at a wide range of venues , including civil rights rallies , anti-war demonstrations , and concert halls . 
The members of the P4 -LRB- Chile , Singapore , New Zealand , and Brunei -RRB- also plan to conclude a chapter on finance and investment in 2008 . 
350
The saxophone has more recently found a niche in both concert band and big band music , which often calls for the E baritone , B tenor and E alto . 
Rock Around the Clock '' was a breakthrough for both the group and for all of rock and roll music . 
351
Lynne was also heavily involved in the memorial '' Concert for George '' , held at London 's Royal Albert Hall in November 2002 , and subsequently produced the Surround Sound audio mix for the '' Concert For George '' DVD released in November 2003 . 
Fellow of the British Society Anthony Baines wrote that the didgeridoo functions '' ... as an aural kaleidoscope of timbres '' and that '' the extremely difficult virtuoso techniques developed by expert performers find no parallel elsewhere . '' 
352
There also exist very few records of the Auxiliary SS since , at the time of this group 's creation , it was a foregone conclusion that Germany had lost the Second World War and the entire purpose of the Auxiliary SS was to serve in support roles while members of the SS proper escaped from allied forces . 
Note that this method works only under the assumption that dits and dahs are always separated by gaps , and that gaps are always separated by dits and dahs . 
353
In contrast he argues that the ancient story of dying and rising in the divine , human and crops , -LRB- with Osiris as an example -RRB- , is vindicated and reaches a conclusion in Christianity . 
By its conclusion it issued seventy reformatory decrees . 
354
This autonomy or independent structure provided by the mediation process removes the need for the presence of professional bodies and turns the responsibility back on to the parties to deal with the issue and hopefully to a satisfactory conclusion . 
Mental health practitioners are restrained from making a judgment on the issue of whether the defendant is or is not insane or what is known as the '' ultimate issue '' . 
355
Similar to the way the commercial Internet providers connect via Internet exchange points , research networks tend to interconnect into large subnetworks such as GEANT , GLORIAD , Internet2 -LRB- successor of the Abilene Network -RRB- , and the UK 's national research and education network JANET . 
Mbeki 's more inclusive stance led some to connect him to AIDS denialism . 
356
Ophiuchus is depicted as a man grasping a serpent ; the interposition of his body divides the snake constellation Serpens into two parts , Serpens Caput and Serpens Cauda , which are nonetheless counted as one constellation . 
The governmental agencies responsible for the energy policy are the Ministry of Mines and Energy , the National Council for Energy Policy , the National Agency of Petroleum , Natural Gas and Biofuels , and the National Agency of Electricity . 
357
In March 2003 , during Operation Iraqi Freedom , an S-3B Viking from Sea Control Squadron 38 -LRB- The '' Red Griffins '' -RRB- launched from USS '' Constellation '' . 
Computation is a process following a well-defined model that is understood and can be expressed in an algorithm , protocol , network topology , etc. . 
358
Thus even on sites with highly dynamic content , many of the basic resources only need to be refreshed occasionally . 
For all the properties below , the value formula_17 , the estimation formula , the set of samples , and the set probabilities of the collection of samples , can be considered '' fixed '' . 
359
Dubbed films can also be regarded as a second edited version of a film since the film is narrated and acting once more and several dubbed versions could be considered as an additional film next to the original one as it offers more scope in spoken language and text content and has not to be translated uninspiredly word by word . 
The power of the upper chamber to consider bills passed by the lower chamber resulted in its disapproval of about one-half of such bills , necessitating concessions by the State Duma or votes to override upper-chamber objections . 
360
The simplest is via FProxy , which is integrated with the node software and provides a web interface to content on the network . 
The government uses software-based filtering from US company Fortinet to limit the materials citizens can access on-line , including free email services , free web hosting and most political opposition and pro-democracy pages . 
361
Through coercion and threats , he eventually convinced Diocletian to comply with his plan . 
The doctrine of preemptive war , wars to disarm and destroy potential military foes based on speculation of future attacks rather than in defense against actual attack , has been advocated by prominent members of the Bush administration , but the war within Iraq has undercut the influence of this doctrine within the Republican Party . 
362
Some years , the beginning of June is still cool and rainy , like April and May . 
Its fleet consists of single-decker , double-decker , vestibule , low-floor , disabled-friendly , air-conditioned and Euro III compliant Compressed Natural Gas powered buses . 
363
Hitchcock heroines tend to be lovely , cool blondes who seem proper at first but , when aroused by passion or danger , respond in a more sensual , animal , or even criminal way . 
This Gothic melodrama explores the fears of a naive young bride who enters a great English country home and must adapt to the extreme formality and coldness she finds there . 
364
He even envisioned centralized air conditioning that could cool entire cities . 
On clear nights , even in tropical areas , sky facing radiators can cool below freezing . 
365
Because camshaft speed is very near zero before the engine is started , an electric pump is used , it is located in the fuel tank so that the fuel may also cool the high pressure pump . 
Company officials state that 2,700 permanent jobs will be added to the local economy . 
366
In part to counter this , the Superman writers established that Kryptonians , whose native star Rao had been red , only possessed superpowers under the light of a yellow sun . 
In peer-to-peer architectures , each host or instance of the program can simultaneously act as both a client and a server , and each has equivalent responsibilities and status . 
367
The Lombards played on the existing hostility between the Avars and Byzantines , claiming the latter were allied with the Gepids ; but Cunimund , when he tried to counter the new menace by asking once more for help from the Emperor , found the Byzantines were angered with the Gepids by their unfaithfulness in observing the obligation to cede Sirmium to them . 
Teams of students , alumni , professors , friends , and others compete to answer questions on a variety of subjects , while simultaneously identifying songs and performing designated tasks . 
368
It has two eight-bit accumulators , A and B , two sixteen-bit index registers , X and Y , a condition code register , a 16-bit stack pointer , and a program counter . 
The former Ministry of Defence -LRB- MoD -RRB- 's Procurement Executive , later the Defence Procurement Agency , and now Defence Equipment &amp; Support , moved to a purpose-built headquarters at Abbey Wood , Filton in 1995 . 
369
The book did not attempt to directly counter or deal with the documents published in '' Nazi-Soviet Relations '' and rather , focused upon Western culpability for the outbreak of war in 1939 . 
Due to the complexities of most ERP systems and the negative consequences of a failed ERP implementation , most vendors have included '' Best Practices '' into their software . 
370
Bulgaria is a country situated in south-eastern Europe , bordering Romania , Serbia , the Republic of Macedonia , Greece , Turkey and the Black Sea . 
Ally '' the sitcom . 
371
Afghanistan was the second country to recognize the Republic of Turkey , after the Soviet Union , establishing diplomatic contacts whilst the Turkish War of Independence was still being waged . 
The Boy Scouts of America gave him the title of Chief Scout Citizen , the only person to hold such title . 
372
Meanwhile , over the course of the decade , the Internet successfully accommodated the majority of previously existing public computer networks -LRB- although some networks , such as FidoNet , have remained separate -RRB- . 
There was also a risk that a character suffered possible injury -LRB- or even death -RRB- during the course of their career . 
373
Of course , given plate tectonics and isostasy , there is no system in which all geographic features are fixed . 
The width of a jet stream is typically a few hundred miles and its vertical thickness often less than three miles . 
374
In the course of history a number of member countries of the UPU saw their membership lapse , due to political changes . 
With Rush , Peart has played Slingerland , Tama , Ludwig , and Drum Workshop drums , in that order . 
375
A site that has been discovered has typically been subjected to disturbance of the very factors that caused its survival in the first place , for example , when a covering of sediment has been removed by storms or the action of man . 
The extensive motorway -LRB- Autobahn -RRB- network that ranks worldwide third largest in its total length and features a lack of blanket speed limits on the majority of routes . 
376
Body covering . 
Before the mainstream use of home video -LRB- and for quite some time afterward , except for bootleg copies -RRB- , a Super 8 version of selected scenes of the film was available . 
377
The section of Babur 's memoirs covering the period between 1508 and 1519 is missing . 
He was nearly captured and lost his signature plumed hat and cloak to pursuing Federals during a raid in August , but in a retaliatory raid at Catlett 's Station the following day , managed to overrun Union army commander Maj. Gen. John Pope 's headquarters , and not only captured Pope 's full uniform , but also intercepted orders that . 
378
From 1896 there was continuous litigation in the United States over the patents covering the basic mechanisms that made motion pictures possible . 
The 2005 edition of the International ISBN Agency 's official manual covering some ISBNs issued from January 2007 , describes how the 13-digit ISBN check digit is calculated . 
379
making it clear to the cat which surfaces are permissible and which are not ; they suggest using a plain wooden surface , or reversing the carpeting on the posts so that the rougher texture of the carpet backing is a more attractive alternative to the cat than the floor covering . 
Lieutenant Commander Dahlgren , wounded in the water , orders his men on the captured U-boat to submerge and save themselves . 
380
Mangroves in the Persian Gulf , which are thought to require tidal flow and a combination of fresh and salt water , are nurseries for crabs , small fish and insects - and the birds that eat them . 
Other species including salmon , shrimp , lobster , clams , squid and crab , are also commercially fished . 
381
That said , there will still be competitors who '' crack '' the system when the legal barriers are light , especially where the old guard has become inefficient and is failing to meet the needs of the market . 
The party was opposed to constitutional monarchists and sought to check the power of Yuan . 
382
Those flaws are concealed through various diamond enhancement techniques , such as repolishing , crack filling , or clever arrangement of the stone in the jewelry . 
Fantasy author Ken Grimwood wrote dolphins into his 1995 novel '' Into the Deep '' about a marine biologist struggling to crack the code of dolphin intelligence , including chapters written from a dolphinian viewpoint . 
383
Properly curing concrete leads to increased strength and lower permeability , and avoids cracking where the surface dries out prematurely . 
The process is known for its unpredictability , particularly when reduction is forced , and pieces may crack or even explode due to thermal shock . 
384
Since the corrosion product -LRB- rust -RRB- is expansive , the expansion caused further damage by cracking the marble . 
The problem appears as discoloration or fading , cracking and sometimes , total product disintegration if cracking has proceeded sufficiently . 
385
Discharge cavitation in joint fluid is thought to cause the popping sound produced by bone joint cracking , for example by deliberately cracking one 's knuckles . 
Angrily , Columbanus breathed on the vessel , which broke asunder with a loud noise , spilling the beer . 
386
The most common form of this occurs during deliberate '' knuckle cracking '' . 
Influences and sound . 
387
Other functions include , market supervision , oversight of the payment system and provision of settlement services , State treasury service , Central Credit Register , economic analysis and institutional consultancy . 
A small but growing segment of the debit card business in the U.S. involves access to tax-favored spending accounts such as flexible spending accounts -LRB- FSA -RRB- , health reimbursement accounts -LRB- HRA -RRB- , and health savings accounts -LRB- HSA -RRB- . 
388
Shockley took the lion 's share of the credit in public for the invention of transistor , which led to a deterioration of Bardeen 's relationship with Shockley . 
Payment in kuna , all major credit cards and euros are accepted at all toll gates . 
389
Through Cy-Fair ISD Rice University offers a credit course based summer school for grades 8 through 12 . 
Little factual information survives about Vespasian 's government during the ten years he was emperor . 
390
In 1955 the Soviet Union forwarded $ 100 million in credit to Afghanistan , which financed public transportation , airports , a cement factory , mechanized bakery , a five-lane highway from Kabul to the Soviet border and dams . 
Only congress -LRB- see Section 8 -RRB- has the authority to coin this money that should be used by the States . 
391
Shockley took the lion 's share of the credit in public for the invention of transistor , which led to a deterioration of Bardeen 's relationship with Shockley . 
She was taken down to the field to receive an ovation from the crowd . 
392
The flight name is replaced by '' BEEP BEEP '' and the backup crew 's names are given . 
While the Royal Navy could man its ships with volunteers in peacetime , in war , it competed with merchant shipping and privateers for a small pool of experienced sailors and turned to impressment when it was unable to man ships with volunteers alone . 
393
First , Kennedy had explicitly promised the American people less than a month before the crisis that '' if Cuba should possess a capacity to carry out offensive actions against the United States ... the United States would act '' . 
Despite Yeltsin 's change of heart , a second extraordinary session of the CPD took up discussion of emergency measures to defend the constitution , including impeachment of the president . 
394
In summary , range voting satisfies the monotonicity criterion , the favorite betrayal criterion , the participation criterion , the consistency criterion , independence of irrelevant alternatives , resolvability criterion , and reversal symmetry . 
Continuity of the balls ' condition is considered part of the game , so if a re-warm-up is required after an extended break in play -LRB- usually due to rain -RRB- , then the re-warm-up is done using a separate set of balls , and use of the match balls is resumed only when play . 
395
, is provided by information theory in the form of minimum message length '' When deciding between two models which make equivalent predictions , choose the simpler one , '' makes the point that a simpler model that does n't make equivalent predictions is not among the models that this criterion applies to in the first place . 
For example , rather than just getting a passing grade for mathematics , a student might be assessed as level 4 for number sense , level 5 for algebraic concepts , level 3 for measurement skills , etc. . 
396
Euston/King 's Cross extension . 
Surface-mount resistors are marked numerically , if they are big enough to permit marking ; more-recent small sizes are impractical to mark . 
397
As of 2007 , three car ferry services cross the Great Lakes , two on Lake Michigan : a steamer from Ludington , Michigan to Manitowoc , Wisconsin and a high speed catamaran from Milwaukee to Muskegon , Michigan , and one on Lake Erie : a boat from Kingsville , Ontario , or Leamington , Ontario to . 
Soap opera storylines sometimes weave intricate , convoluted , and sometimes confusing tales of characters who have affairs , meet mysterious strangers and fall in love , and who commit adultery , all of which keeps audiences hooked on the unfolding story twists . 
398
These culinary vegetables include cucurbits -LRB- e.g. , squash , pumpkin , and cucumber -RRB- , tomatoes , peas , beans , corn , eggplant , and sweet pepper ; some spices , such as allspice and chilies , are botanical fruits . 
Seafood traditionally was restricted to the northern coastal areas , except for pickled herring , often served as Rollmops -LRB- a pickled herring fillet rolled into a cylindrical shape around a piece of pickled gherkin or onion -RRB- . 
399
The Kiwano fruit , also known as the Horned Melon , melano , African horned cucumber , jelly melon , hedged gourd , and/or English tomato , is endemic to a region in the Kalahari Desert -LRB- * specific region unknown -RRB- . 
The commonest among fruits and nuts are pears , apples , grapes , oranges , mandarines , nectarines , mespila , blackberries , cherry , strawberries , figs , watermelon , melon , avocado , lemon , pistachio , almond , chestnut , walnut , hazelnut . 
400
Culture . 
Various counterculture movements in the 1960s and 1970s were associated with the '' New Left '' . 
401
Less affected groups included the Molala , Klickitat , Wenatchi , Okanagan , and Sinkiuse-Columbia peoples , who owned small numbers of horses and adopted few plains culture features . 
The East Side is now a predominantly African American neighborhood , while the West Side has become a melting pot of many ethnicities , with Latino culture being the strongest influence . 
402
In 1931 , he published '' Man and Technics '' , which warned against the dangers of technology and industrialism to culture . 
Left alone , it will grow as high as possible on the support , with few flowers . 
403
Poetry represents the smallest amount of the surviving Old English text , but Anglo-Saxon culture had a rich tradition of oral storytelling , of which little has survived in written form . 
Singin ' in the Rain '' is another film adopted by the American homosexual subculture which used to regularly be shown during the 1980s and early 1990s for extended runs . '' 
404
From August 2008 until June 2012 , FA Cup matches are shown live by ITV1 across England and Wales , with UTV broadcasting to Northern Ireland . 
Today , the 914 is part of American history as an artifact in the Smithsonian Institution . 
405
The Melbourne Cup was first run on a Tuesday in 1875 , the first Tuesday in that month . 
Today Java 's old colonial era plantations provide just a fraction of the coffee grown on the island , although it is primarily the higher valued Arabica variety . 
406
Some analysts argued the decision to move away from the Sky and , in particular , the BBC undermined the FA Cup in the eyes of the public . 
A drink , or beverage , is a liquid which is specifically prepared for human consumption . 
407
Subsequent foreign bred horses to win Cup were Backwood 1924 ; Belldale Ball 1980 ; At Talaq 1986 ; Kingston Rule 1990 ; Vintage Crop 1993 ; Jeune 1994 ; Media Puzzle 2002 ; Makybe Diva 2003 , 2004 , 2005 The 1938 Melbourne Cup was won by trainer Mrs. Allan McDonald who conditioned Catalogue . 
Originally , the entity responsible for regulation of biological products resided under the National Institutes of Health ; this authority was transferred to the FDA in 1972 . 
408
A salt mouthwash is a home treatment for mouth infections and/or injuries , or post extraction , and is made by dissolving a teaspoon of salt in a cup of warm water . 
Alongside other forms of tourism in Thailand , food tours have carved a niche for themselves . 
409
The last Melbourne Cup trophy manufactured in England was made for the 1914 event . 
Paint can be applied as a solid , a gaseous suspension -LRB- aerosol -RRB- or a liquid . 
410
In June 2006 , while promoting a football -LRB- soccer -RRB- song in which he was featured , entitled '' Do n't Mention the World Cup '' , Cleese appears to have claimed that he decided to retire from performing in sitcoms , instead opting to writing a book on the history of comedy and to tutor young comedians . 
Founded in 1989 by eleven companies -LRB- including Hewlett-Packard , IBM , Sun Microsystems , Apple Computer , American Airlines and Data General -RRB- , OMG 's initial focus was to create a heterogeneous distributed object standard . 
411
Mouthpiece dimensions vary in length , diameter , rim shape , and cup depth . 
This pencils shape is typically hexagon and is always wood cased . 
412
Two years later in 1867 two horses with the name Tim Whiffler ran in the Melbourne Cup . 
was the name given to the very fine powder , produced by the sublimation of the natural mineral stibnite to form antimony sulfide Sb2S3 -LRB- hence the essence or '' spirit '' of the substance -RRB- , which was used as an antiseptic and eyeliner . 
413
Since the foundation of the Football League , Tottenham Hotspur in 1901 have been the only non-league winners of the FA Cup . 
Only in more recent times has silversmithing become mainly work in jewellery , as much less solid silver tableware is now handmade . 
414
Double bridles '' are a type of English bridle that use two bits in the mouth at once , a snaffle and a curb . 
In optical discs , a bit is encoded as the presence or absence of a microscopic pit on a reflective surface . 
415
The administration of Fort St George eventually stepped in and introduced laws to curb the menace . 
The paper-dynamite relationship is disputed ; using it as a trump generally implies that '' dynamite shreds paper , '' but there are those who claim that the paper would supposedly smother the fuse . 
416
One of his first notable acts as president was to deliver a 20,000-word address to Congress asking it to curb the power of large corporations -LRB- called '' trusts '' -RRB- . 
Soviet advisers also helped the Nationalists set up a political institute to train propagandists in mass mobilization techniques , and in 1923 Chiang Kai-shek , one of Sun 's lieutenants from the Tongmenghui days , was sent to Moscow for several months ' military and political study . 
417
To find out which currency is used in a particular country , check list of circulating currencies . 
During 2005 , imported goods were cheaper than commodities made in Venezuela ; variability in the price of goods was linked to import performance and exchange stability . 
418
This first stage of currency , where metals were used to represent stored value , and symbols to represent commodities , formed the basis of trade in the Fertile Crescent for over 1500 years . 
Anarcho-communists reject mutualist economics because they believe that market competition , even non-capitalist markets , inherently create inequalities in wealth and land which would lead to inequalities of power - thus the recreation of the State and capitalism as some workers would have more access to capital and defence force than others . 
419
Early currency . 
The HIV/AIDS prevalence was at 1.7 percent of the adult population as of January , 2009 . 
420
They state that , at the community level , however , the term can be problematic ; and that local languages generally use the less judgmental '' cutting '' to describe the practice . 
Gnipper 's name is a pun since ' to nip ' something means to give something a small bite , while ' nipper ' is a slang term for a young child . 
421
Frantic shouts by Jackson 's staff identifying the party were replied to by a Major Barry with the retort , '' It 's a damned Yankee trick ! 
From 1630 to 1634 , Swedish-led armies drove the Catholic forces back , regaining much of the lost Protestant territory . 
422
It is located in the constellation of Kasterborous -LRB- Pyramids of Mars , Attack of the Cybermen and Voyage of the Damned -RRB- , at '' galactic coordinates ten-zero-eleven-zero-zero by zero-two from galactic zero centre '' -LRB- '' Pyramids of Mars '' -LRB- 1975 -RRB- , Full Circle -LRB- 1980 -RRB- and partially in The Family of Blood -LRB- 2007 -RRB- -RRB- , which is some 250 million light years away . 
Despite this , the German lyrics are often sung by choirs or ordinary people when the anthem is played : for example , at the 2004 enlargement on the German-Polish border , the crowd watching the ceremony playing the music sung along with the German lyrics . 
423
Preble , now devoid of all patience , exclaimed , '' This is United States ship '' Constitution '' , 44 guns , Edward Preble , an American commodore , who will be damned before he sends his boat on board of any vessel . '' 
Jesus also commands his followers to '' cure sick people , raise up dead persons , make lepers clean , expel demons . 
424
Only slowly did it dawn on me that he only and always asked questions when he was unclear or unsure , a great lesson . '' 
Darabont did not begin '' Fahrenheit 451 '' immediately , instead going on to direct '' The Mist '' . 
425
The next spacecraft to use NSTAR engines is the Dawn Mission , with three redundant units . 
Starting in 2003 , the format changed to a two-hour show every weeknight -LRB- 9pm to 11pm , shortening Super Request and the late night speciality shows by an hour each -RRB- and Robbie Buck became the presenter . 
426
This was carried out on the sixth hospital day , with an anterior-posterior fusion from C5 to T1 and stabilization of the C6 fracture . 
It is an Adventist Christian body which is also known as the '' Church of God of the Abrahamic Faith '' and the '' Church of God General Conference -LRB- Morrow , GA -RRB- '' . 
427
Significantly , in the history of Deaf education , he said that deaf people were capable of using their minds , argued for the importance of teaching them , and was one of the first to state that deaf people could learn to read and write without learning how to speak first . 
When they compared the bisynchronous protocol 2400 bit/s modems , CLEO devices , and value-added networks used to transmit EDI documents to transmitting via the Internet , some people equated the non-Internet technologies with EDI and predicted erroneously that EDI itself would be replaced along with the non-Internet technologies . 
428
Death is n't feared ; anyone reflecting upon it is reassured by the knowledge that everyone is happy , and that society goes on . 
In Alderney , the occupying Germans built four concentration camps in which over 700 people died -LRB- out of a total inmate population of about 6,000 -RRB- . 
429
Death . 
Organic or Machine ? 
430
MSNBC , in its special '' The Making of the Death Pilots , '' interviewed German friend Ralph Bodenstein who traveled , worked and talked a lot with Mohamed Atta . 
The list of words with four vowels in a row includes '' aqueous '' , '' Hawaiian '' , '' obsequious '' , '' onomatopoeia '' , '' pharmacopoeia '' , '' queue '' , '' queuer '' , '' miaou '' , '' sequoia '' , '' gooier '' , '' gooiest '' , '' archaeoastronomy '' , . 
431
A victim impact panel is a form of community-based or restorative justice in which the crime victims -LRB- or relatives and friends of deceased crime victims -RRB- meet with the defendant after conviction to tell the convict about how the criminal activity affected them , in the hope of rehabilitation or deterrence . 
Stephen Philip Bracks -LRB- better known as Steve Bracks -RRB- -LRB- born 15 October 1954 -RRB- is a former Australian politician , and the 44th Premier of Victoria , holding the position for eight years , from 1999 to 2007 . 
432
He is last seen demolishing the X-Mansion alongside Rogue and Jean Grey and burying the deceased X-Men in its place . 
The female softens the ground in the burrow with dead , folded , wet leaves and she fills the nest at the end of the tunnel with fallen leaves and reeds for bedding material . 
433
There are references in the Bible to the wearing of jewellery , both as a decoration and as a symbol . 
Commemorative stamps issued by the United States Postal Service with Connecticut themes include Nathan Hale , Eugene O'Neill , Josiah Willard Gibbs , Noah Webster , Eli Whitney , the whaling ship the Charles W. Morgan which is docked in Mystic Seaport , and a decoy of a broadbill duck . 
434
After the drawing is made , decoration of the jewellery and the apparels in the image is done with semi-precious stones . 
The set construction departments include : carpentry , plaster , paint , greens , scenic , laborers , and propmaking . 
435
The styles employed by Angkorean artists in the decoration of lintels evolved over time , as a result , the study of lintels has proven a useful guide to the dating of temples . 
He was the first and , thus far , the only President of the United States to be awarded with America 's highest military honor , and the only person in history to receive both his nation 's highest honor for military valor and the world 's foremost prize for peace . 
436
Unfortunately the Kangaroos did n't get the start they hoped for , losing their first 3 matches including a heartbreaking Round 1 defeat at the hands of Collingwood by 3 points with losses against Port Adelaide and Hawthorn following . 
The name ' Hooverville ' was coined by their residents as a sign of their disappointment and frustration with the perceived lack of assistance from the federal government . 
437
Defeated in the field , Spain made peace with France in 1795 and effectively became a client state of that country ; the following year , it declared war against Britain and Portugal . 
People exposed to TNT over a prolonged period tend to experience anemia and abnormal liver functions . 
438
On election day Roosevelt received 27 million votes to Willkie 's 22 million , and in the Electoral College , Roosevelt defeated Willkie 449 to 82 . 
Ferdinand was quite upset by this calculated insult , but his intolerant policies in his own lands had left him in a weak position . 
439
In Round 17 , the Lions celebrated their return to the Melbourne Cricket Ground with a 93 point defeat of Collingwood . 
The brothers go on to kill each other in single combat , and the original ending of the play consisted of lamentations for the dead brothers . 
440
His reign was fairly successful , until another disastrous campaign against England led to defeat at the battle of Solway Moss -LRB- 1542 -RRB- . 
By 1795 , the French had overrun the Austrian Netherlands and the left bank of the Rhine and Prussia had dropped out of the war . 
441
The resulting '' Victory Program , '' under the direction of Albert Wedemeyer , provided the President with the estimates necessary for the total mobilization of manpower , industry , and logistics to defeat the '' potential enemies '' of the United States . 
Each magistrate could veto any action that was taken by a magistrate of an equal or lower rank . 
442
The Ravens entered the game with the second best defense in the league , with the fewest points allowed -LRB- 165 -RRB- and the fewest rushing yards allowed -LRB- 970 -RRB- during the regular season . 
Written by the Discovery Institute 's Center for Science &amp; Culture Director Stephen C. Meyer , it appeared in the peer-reviewed journal '' Proceedings of the Biological Society of Washington '' in August 2004 . 
443
NDRC was functioning , with Bush as chairman and others as members , even before the agency was made official by order of the Council of National Defense on June 27 , 1940 . 
On May 19 , 2006 , Azerbaijani Defense Minister Safar Abiyev and the then commander of United States Air Forces in Europe General Tom Hobbins met in Baku to discuss military cooperation . 
444
In November 1920 the Soviet of Labor and Defense has laid on Special Section of VCheKa the security of the state border . 
There are several executive departments : Administrative Services , Agriculture , Banking , Children and Families , Consumer Protection , Correction , Economic and Community Development , Developmental Services , Education , Environmental Protection , Higher Education , Information Technology , Insurance , Labor , Mental Health and Addiction Services , Military , Motor Vehicles , Public Health , Public Safety , Public Utility Control , Public Works . 
445
Common reasons for purposely aborting an embryo include a desire to delay or end childbearing , concern over the interruption of work or education , issues of financial or relationship stability , perceived immaturity and health concerns . 
The most likely failure is compressor blade failure , and modern jet engines are designed with structures that can catch these blades and keep them contained within the engine casing . 
446
In the event of a rain delay , darkness or other external conditions halting play , the match is resumed at a later time , with the same score as at the time of the delay , and the players at the same end of the court when rain halted play , or at the same . 
Recently , with the addition of variable valve timing and knock sensors to delay ignition timing , it is possible to manufacture gasoline engines with compression ratios of over 11:1 that can use 87 MON -LRB- octane rating -RRB- fuel . 
447
In October 1975 , the Opposition moved to delay consideration of the budget in the Senate . 
After the Peace of Moscow , Germany did not hesitate to move to improve ties with Finland , and within two weeks Finno-German relations were at the top of the agenda . 
448
A subtractive decoding bus bridge must know to expect this extra delay in the event of back-to-back cycles in order to advertise back-to-back support . 
However , under strong pressure from anti-whaling countries , who viewed scientific whaling as a circumvention of the moratorium , Iceland ceased whaling in 1989 . 
449
The round-trip delay time is the minimum time between an observation by the probe and the moment the probe can receive instructions from Earth reacting to the observation . 
On 11 January 2008 , Jay Kay himself posted a news item in which he thanked everyone who wished him the best for his birthday , and announced that the writing process for the new album has just begun . 
450
Preceding and following the image are lines and pixels containing synchronization information or a time delay . 
Accusations of Racism . 
451
Any place an '' identified '' sponsor pays to deliver their message through a medium is advertising . 
That is , lawyers were expected first and foremost to serve the state , and the availability of counsel for private litigants was an afterthought . 
452
Game theory generalizes maximization approaches developed to analyze markets such as the supply and demand model . 
A convertible bond can be thought of as a corporate bond with a stock call option attached to it . 
453
This concern is based on the belief that economic reform will produce new interests that will demand political expression , and that demands for the institutionalization of such pluralism eventually will lead to political liberalization . 
Some hold that knowledge of any kind can only be gained '' a priori '' , while others claim that some knowledge can also be gained '' a posteriori '' . 
454
Most open-circuit scuba and some rebreathers have a demand regulator to control the supply of breathing gas . 
As a logical principle , Occam 's razor would demand that scientists accept the simplest possible theoretical explanation for existing data . 
455
Once this has been accomplished , the referee will demand that the offending wrestler break the hold , and start counting to five if the wrestler does not . 
Other constituents request help with problems or ask questions . 
456
Petrochemical refineries and manufacturing plants were constructed along the ship channel because of the demand for petroleum and synthetic rubber products during the war . 
In this sense , an amplifier may be considered as modulating the output of the power supply . 
457
The demonic letters begin on Shrove Tuesday and end on Easter Day . 
The broom in Ashanti and other Akan cultures also held spiritual value and symbolized sweeping away past wrongs or warding off evil spirits . 
458
In 1938 , Theremin left the United States , though the circumstances related to his departure are in dispute . 
These '' rims '' have a great deal of variation , and are often highly polished and very shiny . 
459
In December 2005 , the European Council adopted '' The Global Approach to Migration : Priority Actions focusing on Africa and the Mediterranean '' ; but the deployment of said actions has been limited to the western Mediterranean , thus putting further pressure on the central Mediterranean route for irregular immigration of which Malta forms a part . 
A formal decision to cease the Tu-144 programme was also in all likelihood related , to an extent , to the generational change in the Soviet leadership and departure of those officials who had strong individual commitment to the Tu-144 and stakes in the project , and corresponding change in the bureaucratic balance . 
460
The Soviets learned of this deployment , which they regarded as offensive in nature , and in a hotline message from Soviet Premier Alexei Kosygin threatened the United States with war . 
The general staff changed the operational plan four times in May 1967 , each change requiring the redeployment of troops , with the inevitable toll on both men and vehicles . 
461
Mountain streams carry eroded debris downhill and deposit it in alluvial plains or in deltas . 
Geological features on Triton should be assigned aquatic names , excluding those which are Roman and Greek in origin . 
462
The presence of central sleep apnea without an obstructive component is a common result of chronic opiate use -LRB- or abuse -RRB- owing to the characteristic respiratory depression caused by large doses of narcotics . 
Corgan 's depression deepened to the point where he contemplated suicide . 
463
When treating patients suffering from complex regional pain syndrome -LRB- CRPS -RRB- with a low-dose -LRB- subanesthetic -RRB- ketamine infusion , it was observed that some patients made a significant recovery from associated depression . 
The state as a whole is heavily industrialized , with a booming economy and influential technology centers . 
464
Before a class derived from an abstract class can become concrete , i.e. a class that can be instantiated , it must implement particular methods for all the abstract methods of its parent classes . 
Apple 's Mac OS X , a hybrid kernel-based BSD variant derived from NeXTSTEP , Mach , and FreeBSD , has replaced Apple 's earlier -LRB- non-Unix -RRB- Mac OS . 
465
The commissioners acknowledged that their figures were incomplete and that the true number of deaths was probably higher : '' The greater the amount of destitution of mortality ... the less will be the amount of recorded deaths derived through any household form ; - for not only were whole families swept away by disease ... but whole villages were effaced from off the land . '' 
The Brunei Halal brand is said to be the first proper attempt to put together a global halal brand that will reap the potential commercial returns of catering to the consumption needs of Muslims worldwide . 
466
U.S. policy toward The Co-operative Republic of Guyana seeks to develop robust , sustainable democratic institutions , laws , and political practices ; support economic growth and development ; and promote stability and security . 
His key target of criticism is any form of extreme mentalism which posits mental states that are entirely unconnected to the subject 's environment . 
467
These unacceptable offspring are culled at various stages of development based on the breeder 's expert eye and closely guarded trade techniques . 
Recent years have seen a deepening of Australia 's aid commitment to Indonesia , and Australia has become a popular venue for Indonesian students . 
468
This century saw the development of the two forms of non-Euclidean geometry , where the parallel postulate of Euclidean geometry no longer holds . 
The exclusion of Catalan from the Occitan sphere , although Catalan is a language closely related to Occitan , is justified because there has been a consciousness of its being different from Occitan since the later Middle Ages and the elaboration -LRB- '' Ausbau '' -RRB- processes of Catalan and Occitan -LRB- including Gascon -RRB- have been quite distinct since the 20th century . 
469
The direction of the product is found by adding the angles that each of the two have been turned through relative to a reference direction : that gives the angle that the product is turned relative to the reference direction . 
They hoped newly acquired 1B Hee Seop Choi would emerge and that the combination of Ramon Castro and Mike Redmond would also come to life , as well as promising outfielder Miguel Cabrera and high kicking pitcher Dontrelle Willis . 
470
When an ICME impacts the Earth 's magnetosphere , it temporarily deforms the Earth 's magnetic field , changing the direction of compass needles and inducing large electrical ground currents in Earth itself ; this is called a geomagnetic storm and it is a global phenomenon . 
This moves the project from a full democratic supranationalism into the direction , not only of intergovernmentalism but the politicization of the institutions and control by two or three major party political organizations . 
471
However , it should be noted that he was not given full direction of the Southern war effort until very late in the conflict . 
He also wrote a treatise entitled '' Finding the Direction of Qibla by Calculation '' , in which he discussed finding the Qibla , where Salah prayers are directed towards , mathematically . 
472
Medical students are taught to learn names for specific deformities , such as ulnar deviation , boutonniere deformity , swan neck deformity and '' Z-thumb , '' but these are of no more significance to diagnosis or disability than other variants . 
Common sexual side effects include problems with libido -LRB- sexual desire -RRB- , lack of interest in sex , and anorgasmia -LRB- trouble achieving orgasm -RRB- . 
473
This may be different in the case of a disability pension . 
He also reveals that he had murdered The Comedian , arranged for Dr. Manhattan 's past associates to be diagnosed with cancer , staged the attempt on his own life in order to place himself above suspicion , and eventually staged Moloch 's death to frame Rorschach . 
474
B Hospital , Om Hospital , Norvic Hospital and the city is supported by specialist hospitals such as Shahid Shukra Tropical Hospital , Kathmandu Veterinary Hospital , Nepal Eye Hospital , Kanti Children 's Hospital , Prasuti Griha -LRB- Obstetrics &amp; Gynecology center -RRB- , Hospital and Rehabilitation Center for Disabled Children -LRB- HRDC -RRB- , Gangalal Cardiology Hospital , Neuro Center , Spinal Rehabilitation center , Bhaktapur Cancer hospital . 
In the 2006 census , 44.3 million people of the U.S. population were Hispanic or Latino by origin ; 34 million people , 12.2 percent , of the population more than five years old speak Spanish at home . 
475
they can fulfil their duty , implicit in the social contract , to protect the rights and liberties of their fellow citizens , much as individual citizens have a legal and ethical duty to protect dependents under their care , such as a child , an elderly parent or a disabled spouse . 
For most of its history , eugenics has manifested itself as a movement to sterilize against their will the '' genetically unfit '' and encourage the selective breeding of the genetically fit . 
476
As Lazenby states , '' It says volumes , too , for their political maturity and respect for constitutional forms that the complicated machinery of government continued to function even amidst disaster -- there are few states in the ancient world in which a general who had lost a battle like Cannae would have dared to remain , let alone would have continued to be treated respectfully as head of state . '' 
Some survived in the camps , personifying spirituality against the adversity . 
477
The ITU also concentrates on strengthening emergency communications for disaster prevention and mitigation , especially in less developed regions . 
The 1991 release of '' Forest of Equilibrium '' , the debut album by UK band Cathedral , helped spark a new wave of doom metal . 
478
Cognitive psychology was subsumed along with other disciplines , such as philosophy of mind , computer science , and neuroscience , under the umbrella discipline of cognitive science . 
James Reston , writing in the '' New York Times '' on 23 May 1967 noted , '' In discipline , training , morale , equipment and general competence his -LSB- Nasser 's -RSB- army and the other Arab forces , without the direct assistance of the Soviet Union , are no match for the Israelis ... Even with 50,000 troops and the best of his generals and air . 
479
30 metre Match-crossbow shooting is the IAU 's premier discipline and championships entry lists regularly include many Olympic-class small bore and air rifle athletes . 
In the systems science discipline , Epstein and Axtell created an agent-based simulation model called Sugarscape , from a decentralized modeling approach , based on individual behavior rules defined for each agent in the economy . 
480
Inns of Court are independent societies that are titularly responsible for the training , admission -LRB- calling -RRB- , and discipline of barristers . 
The current system of chemical notation was invented by Berzelius . 
481
Thiamine was the first of the water-soluble vitamins to be described , leading to the discovery of more such trace compounds essential for survival and to the notion of vitamin . 
The Ziegler-Natta catalysts represented a major breakthrough in polymerization chemistry because they produce a variety of commercially important polymers and can be highly stereoselective . 
482
The discovery that lead additives modified this behavior led to the widespread adoption of their use in the 1920s and therefore more powerful higher compression engines . 
The doctor should advise the patient of the disclosure and the reasons why their failure to notify the agency obliged the doctor to act . 
483
Moore reasoned that MLJ Comics ' Mighty Crusaders might be available for such a project , so he devised a murder mystery plot which would begin with the discovery of the body of The Shield in a harbor . 
V-2 had no effect on the outcome of the war , but its value , despite its overall ineffectiveness , was in its novelty as a weapon which set the stage for the next 50 years of ballistic military rocketry , culminating with ICBMs during the Cold War and modern space exploration . 
484
During this time , the Orbiter received major hardware upgrades , including a new , multi-functional , electronic display system , often referred to as glass cockpit , and an advanced GPS receiver , along with safety upgrades recommended by the Columbia Accident Investigation Board -LRB- CAIB -RRB- for Shuttle return to flight after the disintegration of sister-ship '' Columbia '' during re-entry on February 1 , 2003 . 
Kelly is also known to display excellent hand-eye coordination when playing pool or performing archery . 
485
The viewing is either '' open casket '' , in which the embalmed body of the deceased has been clothed and treated with cosmetics for display ; or '' closed casket '' , in which the coffin is closed . 
The main reason for his rejection stemmed from the fact that both men could apparently only envision light to be a longitudinal wave , like sound and other mechanical waves in fluids . 
486
- '' You 're a gentleman with an illustrious name ; do not display compassion ; It marvels me that a man of our mood fears death so much . 
GIS incorporated with uncertainty theory has been used to model the coastal impact of climate change , including inundation due to sea-level rise and storm erosion . 
487
In the Epistle to the Hebrews , the author mentions the Old Testament story of the destruction of Jericho as an outward display of faith . 
Also made available for specific games were the arcade stick and light gun controllers . 
488
The droogs ditch the car , and Dim and Georgie make clear their dissatisfaction with Alex 's domination of the gang . 
On 7 January 2008 United States Fish and Wildlife Service Director H. Dale Hall approved an unprecedented decision by the George W. Bush Administration to abandon jaguar recovery as a federal goal under the Endangered Species Act . 
489
In 1989 the minister of health of the Turkmen SSR described the Amu Darya as a sewage ditch for industrial and agricultural waste substances . 
This has been described as an African brain drain . 
490
There was only one towpath , generally on the north side of the ditch . 
The rapids on the river necessitate the Sault Locks -LRB- pronounced '' soo '' -RRB- , a part of the Great Lakes Waterway , to move boats over the height difference from Lake Huron . 
491
The company profit being passed on is therefore effectively only taxed at the rate of tax paid by the eventual recipient of the dividend . 
The calculation of excess heat in electrochemical cells involves certain assumptions . 
492
The loyalty card concept was used by some co-operatives to restore dividend payments at the turn of the 21st century , notably by the CWS 's '' Dividend '' card , which was replaced by The Co-operative Membership card program , adopted by several larger co-operatives . 
Writings on Reckoning '' , written between 202 BC and 186 BC during the early Han Dynasty , the square root is approximated by using an '' excess and deficiency '' method which says to '' combine the excess and deficiency as the divisor ; -LRB- taking -RRB- the deficiency numerator multiplied by the excess denominator and the excess numerator times the deficiency denominator , combine them as the dividend . '' 
493
Dumpster diving '' per se '' is often legal when not specifically prohibited by law . 
As of March 2007 , with the release of Disney 's '' Meet the Robinsons '' , about 600 screens have been equipped with 2K digital projectors that feature Real D Cinema 's stereoscopic 3D technology , marketed under the Disney Digital 3-D brand . 
494
Bailey attempted to make a diving catch , but the pass was batted away at the last second by Randy Fuller and ruled incomplete . 
Canada agreed to build dams and provide reservoir storage , and the U.S. agreed to deliver to Canada one-half of the increase in U.S. downstream power benefits as estimated five years in advance . 
495
Some diver training organizations and groups of divers teach techniques , such as DIR diving for configuring diving equipment . 
Lieutenant Commander Dahlgren , wounded in the water , orders his men on the captured U-boat to submerge and save themselves . 
496
This backstory is hard to reconcile with '' The Sound of Drums '' which shows the Master as a child and the Doctor 's reaction to Jenny 's creation through a process similar to looming in '' The Doctor 's Daughter '' . 
Following completion of nurse training , a nurse may become a registered midwife by completing an eighteen-month post-registration course -LRB- leading to a degree qualification -RRB- , however this route is only available to adult branch nurses , and any child , mental health , or learning disability branch nurse must complete the . 
497
The incidental music for the first '' Doctor Who '' adventure , '' An Unearthly Child '' , was written by Norman Kay . 
These species reportedly continue to nest even on islands inhabited by military personnel -LRB- such as Pratas -RRB- to some extent , though it is believed that their numbers have declined . 
498
a joke meant to be shared between the writers and the viewers as a way of pointing out that anything done throughout the course of the series can easily be undone with a simple plot device , with a note to the fact that '' Torchwoods parent program , '' Doctor Who , '' has made frequent use of retroactive continuity during its several-decade run . 
The captain of the ship spends most of his time one level below Primary on the Navigation Bridge . 
499
Hesse 's father , Johannes Hesse , the son of a doctor , was born in 1847 in the Estonian town of Paide -LRB- Weissenstein -RRB- . 
Alexander Hales -LRB- also Halensis , Alensis , Halesius , Alesius ; called '' Doctor Irrefragabilis '' and '' Theologorum Monarcha '' -RRB- was a scholastic theologian . 
500
In 2004 , Wal-Mart responded by testing its own dollar store concept , a subsection of some stores called '' Pennies-n-Cents . '' 
In 2006 , Frank Cownie , the mayor of Des Moines , awarded Bryson the key to the city and announced that 21 October 2006 would be known as , '' Bill Bryson - '' The Thunderbolt Kid '' day . '' 
501
A twist on it is wavy edges , found in the two dollar and the twenty cent coins of Hong Kong and the 10 cent coins of Bahamas . 
Former Oriole television broadcasters include : Thompson , Miller , former Baltimore Ravens broadcaster Scott Garceau , longtime versatile sportscaster Mel Proctor , former Cleveland Cavaliers broadcaster Michael Reghi , former major leaguer Buck Martinez -LRB- now with the Toronto Blue Jays as their play-by-play announcer -RRB- , as well as former Oriole players including Hall of Fame third baseman Brooks Robinson , former pitcher Mike Flanagan , and former outfielder John Lowenstein . 
502
Existing dollar units today are the Bahamian dollar , the Barbados dollar , the Belize dollar , the Bermuda dollar , the Brunei dollar , the Canadian dollar , the East Caribbean dollar , the Guyanese dollar , the Hong Kong dollar , the New Taiwan dollar , the Singapore dollar , the Trinidad and Tobago dollar , the United States dollar . 
This convent would become the foundation of the Dominican nuns , thus making the Dominican nuns older than the Dominican friars . 
503
In September 1993 , Namibia introduced its own currency , the Namibia Dollar -LRB- N$ -RRB- , which is linked to the South African Rand at a fixed exchange rate of 1:1 . 
Many retailers open very early -LRB- typically 5 am or even earlier -RRB- and offer doorbuster deals and loss leaders to draw people to their stores . 
504
In 1949 , the British government formalized the dollar system of accounts in British Guiana and the Eastern Caribbean territories by introducing the British West Indies dollar -LRB- BWI$ -RRB- at the already existing conversion rate of $ 4.80 per pound sterling -LRB- or $ 1 = 4 shillings 2 pence -RRB- . 
This also led to pay raises for workers and for businessmen who wanted to profit from it . 
505
Partial plains interrupted by small mountain ranges like the Antelope Hills and the Wichita Mountains dot southwestern Oklahoma , and transitional prairie and woodlands cover the central portion of the state . 
As of now , North-South relations have warmed , and many firms have agreed to invest in North Korea , encouraged by the South Korean government 's commitment to cover their losses , should investment projects in the north fail to become profitable . 
506
On a CoCo 3 with an analog RGB monitor , the black and white dot patterns do not artifact ; to see them one would have to use a TV or composite monitor , or patch the games to use the hardware 128x192 four color mode in which the GIME chip allows the color choices to be mapped . 
While the disk is spinning , the heads are supported by an air bearing and experience no physical contact or wear . 
507
If the picture contains an area of the same colour , it can be compressed without loss by saying '' 200 red dots '' instead of '' red dot , red dot ... -LRB- 197 more times -RRB- ... , red dot '' . 
High-concentration hydrogen peroxide streams , typically above 40 % , should be considered a D001 hazardous waste , due to concentrated hydrogen peroxide 's meeting the definition of a DOT oxidizer , if released into the environment . 
508
Federal Aviation Agency 's name changed to the Federal Aviation Administration as it became one of several agencies -LRB- e.g. , Federal Highway Administration , Federal Railroad Administration , the Coast Guard , and the Saint Lawrence Seaway Commission -RRB- within DOT -LRB- albeit the largest -RRB- . 
North Carolinians enjoy outdoor recreation utilizing numerous local bike paths , 34 state parks , and 14 national parks which are the Appalachian National Scenic Trail , the Blue Ridge Parkway , Cape Hatteras National Seashore , Cape Lookout National Seashore , Carl Sandburg Home National Historic Site at Flat Rock , Croatan National Forest in Eastern North Carolina , Fort Raleigh National Historic Site at Manteo , Great Smoky Mountains National Park , Guilford Courthouse National Military Park in Greensboro , Moores Creek National Battlefield near Currie , the . 
509
She also won the Caulfield Cup , a 2,400 metre race also held in Melbourne , and therefore has won the '' Cups Double '' . 
In August , he was inactive for five games as a result of an injury on his chin ; he received this injury when his head impacted a concrete wall while he was trying to catch a hard line hit that reached the park 's outer wall . 
510
Nuclear power in Japan makes a quarter of electricity production and Japan would like to double it in the next decades . 
Slap style '' may have influenced electric bass guitar players who from about 1970 developed a technique called '' slap and pop , '' where the thumb of the plucking hand is used to hit the string , making a slapping sound but still allowing the note to ring , and the index or middle finger of the plucking hand is used to pull the string back so it hits the fretboard , achieving the pop sound described above . 
511
Polymers containing double bonds in their main chains are especially susceptible to oxidation and ozonolysis . 
When signatures with multiple flats first came in , the order of the flats was not standardized , and often a flat appeared in two different octaves , as shown at right . 
512
During the Commonwealth a commission was established by Parliament to recommend a revision of the '' Authorized Version '' with acceptably Protestant explanatory notes , but the project was abandoned when it became clear that these would be nearly double the bulk of the Bible text . 
It was also possible to have multiple channels attached to a control unit from the same or multiple mainframes , thus providing a rich high-performance , multiple-access , and backup capability . 
513
The stories of a lost continent off India named '' Kumari Kandam '' have inspired some to draw parallels to Atlantis , as has the Yonaguni Monument of Japan . 
Liechtenstein prospered , however , during the decades following , as it used its low corporate tax rates to draw many companies to the country . 
514
Sequences shot overseas have proved a real box office draw , so Mumbai film crews are increasingly filming in Australia , Canada , New Zealand , the United Kingdom , the United States , continental Europe and elsewhere . 
Subsequently the film 's rendering of Joplin 's 1902 rag '' The Entertainer '' was a top 40 hit in 1974 . 
515
The first of these came in the First Test at Johannesburg , where after conceding 1/115 , Benaud struck 122 , his highest Test score , to see Australia reach a draw . 
A section of the original Murray River channel immediately behind the fault was abandoned , and exists today as an empty channel known as Green Gully . 
516
Discernment : Discernment is rooted in the understanding that God is ever at work in one 's life , '' inviting , directing , guiding and drawing '' one '' into the fullness of life . '' 
If the anchor continues to drag , or sets after having dragged too far , it should be retrieved and moved back to the desired position -LRB- or another location chosen . -RRB- 
517
Sociologists use a diversity of research methods , drawing upon either empirical techniques or critical theory . 
The intent is to cause people to draw their own interpretations rather than simply being presented with an explicit idea . 
518
Byron agreed to let him send a story , and Don Rosa started drawing his first Duck story : '' Son of the Sun '' the very next day . '' 
When working on a major specimen like an eagle , he would spend up to four 15-hour days , preparing , studying , and drawing it . 
519
Writer and future Marvel editor Roy Thomas said in a 1998 interview , '' I 'll never forget the day I walked into one Marvel office not long after Ditko quit , and here 's John Romita -LSB- Sr. -RSB- drawing '' Amazing Spider-Man '' and Larry Lieber drawing the '' Spider-Man Annual '' and Marie Severin drawing ' Dr. Strange ' , and I joked , ' This is the Steve Ditko Room ; it takes three of you to do what Steve Ditko used to do ' '' . 
He was a man with fair skin , thin , emaciated , with a sparse beard , a slightly hunched frame , sunken eyes and protruding forehead , and the bases of his fingers were hairless . 
520
All four narrative poems draw on folkloric plots . 
Italian doctor Luigi Galvani discovered in 1780 that connecting the spinal cord of a freshly dissected frog to an iron rail attached by a brass hook caused the frog 's leg to twitch . 
521
As such , though Jesuit garb appeared distinctive , and became identifiable over time , it was the common priestly dress of Ignatius ' day . 
The formal annexation of the West Bank by Jordan in 1950 , and the subsequent granting of its Palestinian Arab residents Jordanian citizenship , further stunted the growth of a Palestinian national identity by integrating them into Jordanian society . 
522
The previous utility uniform called the Battle Dress Uniform -LRB- BDU -RRB- is still authorized for wear but is becoming less common . 
On the morning after winning the flag , the club took the premiership cup to the Brunswick Street Oval in Fitzroy , the original home of the Fitzroy Football Club . 
523
Wallace conferred with Cooper and O'Brien -LRB- who contributed , among other things , the '' Ann 's dress '' scene -RRB- and began work on January 1 , 1932 . 
In fashion the Bardot neckline -LRB- a wide open neck that exposes both shoulders -RRB- is named after her . 
524
In Sweden children dress up as witches and go trick-or-treating on Maundy Thursday -LRB- the Thursday before Easter -RRB- while Danish children dress up in various attires and go trick-or-treating on Fastelavn -LRB- or the next day , Shrove Monday -RRB- and In Norway kids go trick-or-treating between Christmas and New Year 's Eve . 
The Lions also wore '50s - style jerseys during their traditional Thanksgiving Day games from 2001 to 2004 as the NFL encouraged teams to wear throwback jerseys on Thanksgiving Day . 
525
Over time , those definitions of '' cocktail '' and '' sling '' have become archaic , as '' sling '' has fallen out of general use -LRB- other than in certain drink names -RRB- , and '' cocktail '' can mean any drink that resembles a martini , or simply any mixed drink . 
There is some evidence it was on a whim , for he left his favorite dog , Sheba , in the car , when he shot and fatally wounded the 24-year-old Oswald on Sunday , November 24 , 1963 , at 11:21 am CST , while authorities were preparing to transfer Oswald by car from police headquarters to the nearby county jail . 
526
Over time , those definitions of '' cocktail '' and '' sling '' have become archaic , as '' sling '' has fallen out of general use -LRB- other than in certain drink names -RRB- , and '' cocktail '' can mean any drink that resembles a martini , or simply any mixed drink . 
Mencken attempted to perpetuate a hoax , distributing flyers for the '' Rev. Elmer Chubb , '' but the claims that Chubb would drink poison and preach in lost languages were ignored as commonplace by the people of Dayton and only the '' Commonweal '' bit . 
527
The jelly bean supplement did not lead to weight gain , but the soft drink supplement did . 
Since the dissolution of the EAR corporation in 1977 , the national company Kenya Railways Corporation runs the former Uganda Railway and its branches in Kenya . 
528
Shortly after , Heselon discovered Kenyapithecus wickeri , the species name from the owner of the property , which Louis promptly celebrated with George Gaylord Simpson , who happened to be present , aboard the '' Miocene Lady '' with Leakey Safari Specials , a drink made of condensed milk and cognac . 
In the West , while inns and taverns were known from antiquity , these were establishments aimed at travellers , and in general locals would rarely eat there . 
529
Sambuca can be served adding fresh water , becoming a refreshing less alcoholic drink . 
Fanny makes it clear that their mother , Mrs. Ferrars , a wealthy widow , wants her son to make a career for himself and to marry a woman of high rank or great estate , if not both , and offended with the ill-disguised hint , Mrs. Dashwood indignantly resolves to remove her residence as . 
530
The priests prepare a drink from a sacred plant , the '' Haoma '' ritual . 
Through the use of a larger and rounded mouth piece two or even three drone notes can be produced on a didgeridoo . 
531
She was said to seduce men , harm pregnant women , mothers , and neonates , kill foliage , drink blood , and was a cause of disease , sickness , and death . 
Local shop-owners Mary and John O'Leary -LRB- Rynagh O'Grady and Patrick Drury -RRB- who , while striving to appear sweetness and light to the clergy , are constantly at each other 's throats and make numerous attempts to murder each other . 
532
Soft drink production . 
Bakiyev in turn accused the opposition of plotting a coup against him . 
533
On the Eagles ' next drive , Jaworski lost a fumble . 
Sid , which was put together as a student project , got its name from the noise made by the Pneumatic actuators used to drive its legs when walking . 
534
The pumps can be powered by air , steam or through a belt drive from an engine or motor . 
Most theoretical studies of interstellar missions with a solar sail plan to push the sail with a very large laser beam-powered propulsion direct impulse beam . 
535
A leg 's recovery is matched by a forward drive of the opposite arm , and a leg 's support and drive motions are balanced by backward movement of the opposite arm . 
It refers to the environment to which a particular evolved mechanism is adapted . 
536
Asked about her interest in politics , she responded , '' It does n't drive me . '' 
The largest refineries for lead and zinc operate in Plovdiv , Kardzhali and Novi Iskar ; for copper in Pirdop and for aluminium in Shumen . 
537
This allowed the engine to drive the electric motor as a generator to recharge the batteries and also propel the submarine . 
Bellerophon slew the Chimera on Pegasus ' back , and then tried to ride the winged horse to the top of Mount Olympus to see the gods . 
538
As executives sold their shares , the price began to drop . 
However , when Serbia acquired ' Vardarska Banovina ' -LRB- the present-day Republic of Macedonia -RRB- , it launched having expansionist views aiming to descend to the Aegean , with Thessalonica as the highest ambition . 
539
The population increased at a rate of 1.9 % between 1975 and 2005 , predicted to drop to 1.2 % over the next decade . 
If the pilot light goes out , the thermocouple temperature falls , causing the voltage across the thermocouple to drop and the valve to close . 
540
With P-51 Mustang and P-47 Thunderbolt fighters -LRB- equipped with improved drop tanks to extend their range -RRB- escorting the American heavies all the way to and from the targets , only 11 of 231 B-17s were lost . 
Wavelength is a measure of the distance between repetitions of a shape feature such as peaks , valleys , or zero-crossings , not a measure of how far any given particle moves . 
541
As of 2008 , Vancouver had the seventh highest crime rate , dropping 3 spots since 2005 , among Canada 's 27 census metropolitan areas . 
Fort Wayne was ranked as the '' Best Place in the Country for Minor League Sports '' in a 2007 issue of '' Street &amp; Smith 's Sports Business Journal '' , dropping to second place in 2009 . 
542
The budget escalated from $ 30 million to $ 48 million , while the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike forced Hamm to drop out . 
On the other side , the electrodes are also grouped -LRB- typically in rows -RRB- , with each group getting a voltage sink . 
543
The electron will eventually lose energy -LRB- by releasing a photon -RRB- and drop into the lower orbital . 
The F2G-1 and F2G-2 were significantly different aircraft , fitted with the Pratt &amp; Whitney R-4360 '' Wasp Major '' 4-row 28-cylinder '' corncob '' radial engine and teardrop -LRB- bubble -RRB- canopy , as a specialized interceptor against '' kamikaze '' attacks . 
544
The Brewers came into 2008 with hopes of ending the team 's 26 year playoff drought , adding several veterans to the team in outfielder Mike Cameron and catcher Jason Kendall , as well as relief pitchers Eric Gagne and Salomon Torres . 
The second one attacks 42-round SHA-256 with time complexity of 2 ^ 251.7 and space complexity of 2 ^ 12 , and 42-round SHA-512 with time 2 ^ 502 and space 2 ^ 22 . 
545
Advocates of the consumption of the coca leaf state that coca leaf consumption should not be criminalized as it is not actual cocaine , and consequently it is not properly the illicit drug . 
In June 2006 it was reported that Ronnie Wood was continuing his programme of rehabilitation for alcohol abuse , but this did not affect the rearranged European tour schedule . 
546
The drug firm Eli Lilly and Company had offered assistance not long after the first publications in 1921 , and they took Lilly up on the offer in April . 
Anesthetic gases used for surgery , such as nitrous oxide or enflurane , are believed to induce anesthesia primarily by acting as NMDA receptor antagonists , open channel blockers that bind to the inside of the calcium channels on the outer surface of the neuron , and provide high levels . 
547
When encountered , the Beyonder is dwelling in a simulacrum of Manhattan Island on Ceres , a dwarf planet in the asteroid belt . 
The immunity stems from the fact that each trope -LRB- attribute -RRB- can only be held by one concrete particular , thus qualitive indiscernible objects can exist while being numerically identical and the '' identity of indiscernibles '' therefore does not hold . 
548
Furthermore , while Hjalmar spends his days working on a wholly imaginary '' invention '' , his wife is earning the household income . 
According to the UNODC , by 2008 , murder rates in Kosovo had dropped by 75 % in five years Residual landmines and other unexploded ordnance remain in Kosovo , although all roads and tracks have been cleared . 
549
Casement then added how assailants would '' bring down a dwarf on the way home , for the marital cooking pot ... The Dwarfs , as I say , dispense with cooking pots and eat and drink their human prey fresh cut on the battlefield while the blood is still warm and running . 
There are many modern variations of gazpacho , often in different colors and omitting the tomatoes and bread in favor of avocados , cucumbers , parsley , watermelon , grapes , meat stock , seafood , and other ingredients . 
550
Monks and lay persons may eat meat and fish on condition that the animal was not killed specifically for them . 
Afterwards , they use the powers to kill and eat Galactus before learning they can fly and survive in space , allowing them to prey on the rest of the universe . 
551
An example of a study in community ecology might measure primary production in a wetland in relation to decomposition and consumption rates . 
Due to the remoteness from human habitation and its arid environment , the site has remained largely untouched by humans or nature during the past two millennia . 
552
Rudner found that homeschooling parents tend to have more formal education than parents in the general population ; that the median income for homeschooling families -LRB- $ 52,000 -RRB- is significantly higher than that of all families with children in the United States -LRB- $ 36,000 -RRB- ; that 98 % of homeschooled children live in '' married couple families . 
Skinner 's views on education are extensively presented in his book '' The Technology of Teaching '' . 
553
It focused on the media effects . 
Henry further convinced Parliament to backdate his reign to the day before the battle , effectively enabling those who fought against him at Bosworth Field to be declared traitors . 
554
If the pitch of this twist is on the order of the wavelength of visible light , then interesting optical interference effects can be observed . 
Because tyrosine hydroxylase is the rate limiting enzyme , however , effects are less significant than those of l-dopa . 
555
The decision to cast a sculpture in bronze , for instance , inevitably effects its meaning ; the work becomes something different than if it had been cast in gold or plastic or chocolate , even if everything else about the artwork remained the same . 
He also made an accurate approximation of the Earth 's circumference and diameter , and also discovered how the lunar eclipse and solar eclipse happen . 
556
Other effects were also noticed in the heart , adrenal glands , spleen and haematopoietic system . 
state of trance ; or it may be no more than the messenger of the human being , a real animal or a familiar spirit , whose intimate connection with its owner is shown by the fact that any injury to it is believed , by a phenomenon known as repercussion , to cause a corresponding injury to the human being . 
557
It had a significant influence on the effort that led to the development of its sister , Common Lisp . 
French and international public opinion must know that France committed a real act of genocide in May 1945 '' The Algerian president Abdelaziz Bouteflika said Algeria had '' never ceased waiting for an admission from France of all the acts committed during the colonial period and the war of liberation . '' 
558
Approaching egg cell is a rather complex , multistep process of chemotaxis guided by different chemical substances/stimuli on individual levels of phylogeny . 
Amazonian lowlands to the East of the Andes and covering about half the country 's land area , remains sparsely populated and contains only about 3 % of the country 's population , that for the most are indigenous peoples who maintain a wary distance from the recent mestizo and white settlers . 
559
However , fish and amphibians lack this mechanism , as they can usually eliminate ammonia from their bodies by direct excretion . 
The Dechristianisation of France during the French Revolution is a conventional description of a campaign , conducted by various Robespierre-era governments of France beginning with the start of the French Revolution in 1789 , in order to eliminate any symbol that might be associated with the past , especially the monarchy . 
560
While in the state legislature Jefferson proposed a bill to eliminate capital punishment for all crimes except murder and treason . 
Cubs fan Steve Bartman reached for the ball , preventing Cubs LF Moises Alou from making the out and setting off an 8-run Marlins rally . 
561
In reaction to the assassination of a Jaffna police inspector , the Jayewardene government declared an emergency and dispatched troops , who were given an unrealistic six months to eradicate the terrorist threat . 
In his final episode , Joel was forced to sit through the Joe Don Baker movie '' Mitchell '' ; he escaped the S.O.L. and returned to Earth with the help of Gypsy and Mike Nelson -LRB- a temp worker , played by head writer Nelson , hired by Forrester to help prepare for an audit from the Fraternal Order of Mad Science -RRB- , after the two discovered an escape pod -LRB- named the '' Deus ex Machina '' -RRB- in a box marked '' Hamdingers '' . 
562
Later attempts concentrated on features such as repetition , verse form and rhyme , and emphasized the aesthetics which distinguish poetry from prose . 
We always treated Joe fairly , and I would like to stress that at no time did my manager demand what Joe thinks he demanded - it is all a colossal misunderstanding . 
563
The failure of this endeavor , however , was closely followed by the development of a new idea , the revival of the ancient Olympic Games , the creation of a festival of international athleticism . 
Schumacher -LRB- Worst Director -RRB- , George Clooney and Chris O'Donnell -LRB- Worst Screen Couple -RRB- , Akiva Goldsman -LRB- Worst Screenplay -RRB- , both Chris O'Donnell and Arnold Schwarzenegger -LRB- Worst Supporting Actor -RRB- , Uma Thurman -LRB- Worst Supporting Actress -RRB- and Billy Corgan -LRB- Worst Song for '' The End Is the Beginning Is the End '' -RRB- were also nominated for categories at the Razzie Awards . '' 
564
Renewable energy is energy generated from natural resources such as sunlight , wind , rain , tides , and geothermal heat , which are renewable -LRB- naturally replenished -RRB- . 
After the 12-issue limited series '' Crisis on Infinite Earths '' , DC Comics retconned the histories of some major characters in an attempt at updating them for contemporary audiences . 
565
Cycle efficiency is highest in rocket engines -LRB- ~ 60 + % -RRB- , as they can achieve extremely high combustion temperatures and can have very large , energy efficient nozzles . 
Holmes found their youth , beauty , and energy -LRB- and the cases they brought to him -RRB- invigorating , as distinct to any romantic interest . 
566
At times of peak demand for electricity , the water flows back down through electrical generator turbines , converting the potential energy into kinetic energy and then back into electricity . 
After extensive and careful logistic preparation -LRB- that would become one of Wellesley 's main attributes -RRB- the 33rd left with the main force in December and travelled across of jungle from Madras to Mysore . 
567
Two panels convened by the US Department of Energy , one in 1989 and a second in 2004 , did not recommend a dedicated federal program for cold fusion research . 
More traditional adobe roofs were often flatter than the familiar steeped roof as the native climate yielded more sun and heat than mass amounts of snow or rain that would find use in precipitous roofs . 
568
In physics , for an ensemble of particles , the bistability comes from the fact that its free energy has three critical points . 
The main problem with tuberculosis diagnosis is the difficulty in culturing this slow-growing organism in the laboratory -LRB- it may take 4 to 12 weeks for blood or sputum culture -RRB- . 
569
Advantages over other energy storage methods . 
The Department of the Air Force is headed by the civilian Secretary of the Air Force who oversees all administrative and policy affairs . 
570
Compliance with these principles , or at least a move towards them , is now seen as a requirement of an internationally active bank or other financial service entity . 
Hard-edge painting , Geometric abstraction , Appropriation , Hyperrealism , Photorealism , Expressionism , Minimalism , Lyrical Abstraction , Pop Art , Op Art , Abstract Expressionism , Color Field painting , Monochrome painting , Neo-expressionism , Collage , Intermedia painting , Assemblage painting , Digital painting , Postmodern painting , Neo-Dada painting , Shaped canvas painting , environmental mural painting , traditional figure painting , Landscape . 
571
During N1 , the subject loses some muscle tone and most conscious awareness of the external environment . 
Tanzania has considerable wildlife habitat , including much of the Serengeti plain , where the white-bearded wildebeest -LRB- '' Connochaetes taurinus mearnsi '' -RRB- and other bovids participate in a large-scale annual migration . 
572
Thus , the average drag -LRB- retarding -RRB- force on the system must equal the average propulsion force on the system . 
Where they differ , the choice of which to use is determined by the velocity of the body or its size . 
573
It is in the environment of equal temperament that the new styles of symmetrical tonality and polytonality , atonal music such as that written with the twelve tone technique or serialism , and jazz -LRB- at least its piano component -RRB- developed and flourished . 
Saddled with a hopelessly inadequate barrister , Tisdall doubts if his innocence will ever be established . 
574
Hard work and equality were two Puritan values that Ben Franklin preached throughout his own life -LRB- ibid , p 78 -RRB- and spread widely through Poor Richard 's Almanac and his autobiography . 
Ideas about roles and responsibilities of husband and wives now vary considerably on a continuum between the long-held male-dominant/female-submission view and a growing shift toward equality -LRB- without sameness -RRB- of the woman and the man . 
575
The specified conditions are equality , inequality , less than or equal to , less than , greater than or equal to , and greater than . 
How some of these tie together and correlate concepts from other branches of mathematics , such as complex numbers , will also be shown . 
576
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission 's '' Uniform Guidelines '' are also influential in guiding personnel selection although they have been criticized as outdated when compared to the current state of knowledge in I-O psychology . 
This revised origin makes Luthor 's fight with Superman a personal one , and suggests that if events had unfolded differently , Luthor might have been a more noble person . 
577
Modern diagnostic equipment no longer necessitates this highly risky procedure and no attempt should be made to ingest this highly toxic substance . 
Medieval Art Objects were made from rare and valuable materials , such as Gold and Lapis , the cost of which was often superior to the wages of the maker . 
578
This is one reason that RTTY has declined in commercial popularity , as faster , computerized transmission modes were developed , using less-expensive equipment . 
Rescue crews performed CPR , but he was pronounced dead at 1:52 a.m. Although a heart attack was suspected , and it was originally reported that an autopsy was to be performed , none in fact was ever done . 
579
Trotsky considered himself a '' Bolshevik-Leninist '' , arguing for the establishment of a vanguard party . 
In the Soviet Union , General Secretary Joseph Stalin expelled Leon Trotsky and adopted a policy of collectivization . 
580
In the following year , Carnegie gave $ 40,000 for the establishment of a free library in Dunfermline . 
The three elements of the licensing regime -LRB- for homeopathic products -RRB- probably lie outside the scope of the ... select committee inquiry , because government consideration of scientific evidence was not the basis for their establishment , '' the Committee said . 
581
This establishment had spotty-faced teenage staff vomiting and smoking ; a child customer informs his mother that he does not want to finish his burger as it '' tastes of pigeon and has cigarette butts in it '' . 
The Institution also runs the Engineering in Medicine and Health Division . 
582
It was possible to run Windows 95 on a 386 SX but this led to even less acceptable performance due to its 16-bit external data bus . 
Not only do the social aspects of ethnic identity change but the biological composition -LRB- or gene pool -RRB- also may change over time . 
583
It was possible to run Windows 95 on a 386 SX but this led to even less acceptable performance due to its 16-bit external data bus . 
The apparent acceleration is proportional to the angular velocity of the reference frame -LRB- the rate at which the coordinate axes change direction -RRB- , and to the component of velocity of the object in a plane perpendicular to the axis of rotation . 
584
There are many structures at the margin of land and water that provide evidence of the human societies of the past . 
The remains of these sailors , who died while on duty , are at the Joint POW-MIA Accounting Command -LRB- JPAC -RRB- at Hickam Air Force Base , Hawaii , awaiting positive identification . 
585
The St David 's Tartan or '' brithwe Dewi Sant '' is one of the most popular tartans in Wales , but individual family tartans are being produced , despite there being no evidence that the Welsh -LRB- or any other Celtic nation for that matter -RRB- traditionally used tartan to identify families . 
However , so long as the owner of the trade secret can prove that reasonable efforts have been made to keep the information confidential , the information remains a trade secret and generally remains legally protected . 
586
Prosecution generally may not refer to evidence without first presenting it . 
Thus someone who was commissioned in Montana could notarize documents in Wyoming and North Dakota , and a notary commissioned in Wyoming could notarize documents in Montana , a notary from Wyoming could not notarize documents from North Dakota -LRB- or the inverse -RRB- unless they had a commission from North Dakota or a state bordering North Dakota that also allowed North Dakota notaries to practice in that state as well . 
587
For example : in mathematics , it is known '' that '' 2 + 2 = 4 , but there is also knowing '' how '' to add two numbers . 
In March , 2007 the Florida Ornithological Society Records Committee voted unanimously not to accept the 2005-06 reports of the Ivory-billed Woodpecker on the Choctawhatchee River The last specimen taken in Florida was in 1925 ; there have been numerous sight reports of varying credibility since , and one record of a feather found in a nest cavity in 1968 that was identified as an Ivory-billed Woodpecker inner secondary by Alexander Wetmore . 
588
Amerindian groups in the Bering Strait region exhibit perhaps the strongest DNA or mitochondrial DNA relations to Siberian peoples . 
A postage stamp is adhesive paper evidence of a fee paid for postal services . 
589
Some reptiles exhibit temperature-dependent sex determination -LRB- TDSD -RRB- , in which the incubation temperature determines whether a particular egg hatches as male or female . 
The argument above began by giving an unavoidable set of five configurations -LRB- a single vertex with degree 1 , a single vertex with degree 2 ... , a single vertex with degree 5 -RRB- and then proceeded to show that the first 4 are reducible ; to exhibit an unavoidable set of configurations where every configuration in the set is reducible would prove the theorem . 
590
Particles which exhibit antisymmetric states are called fermions . 
Nevertheless , in his Memorabilia , Xenophon presents Glaucon as younger than Plato . 
591
Thermotropic LCs exhibit a phase transition into the LC phase as temperature is changed . 
A number of well-known musicians and bands are from Victoria , including Nelly Furtado , David Foster , The Moffatts , Frog Eyes , Johnny Vallis , Jets Overhead , Bryce Soderberg , Swollen Members , Armchair Cynics , Wolf Parade , The Racoons and Hot Hot Heat . 
592
Irregular galaxies often exhibit spaced knots of starburst activity . 
Anselm of Canterbury established in his '' Cur Deus Homo '' the definition that was followed by the great Schoolmen , namely that Original Sin is the '' privation of the righteousness which every man ought to possess '' , thus properely interpreting '' concupiscence '' as something more than mere sexual lust , with which some Augustine 's disciples had defined it . 
593
Leading companies all around the world are invited to Ashgabat to exhibit their technologies . 
Around 630 BC the Assyrian empire began to show signs of weakness , and Nineveh was attacked by the Medes , who about 625 BC , in a coalition with the Babylonians , Scythians and Elamites , again attacked it . 
594
Alternatively , if an external force acts on the system , then the center of mass will experience an acceleration proportional to the magnitude of the external force divided by the mass of the system . 
I experience it rather than understand it . '' 
595
Stagira , the most important disciple of Plato , shared with his teacher the title of the greatest philosopher of antiquity but while Plato had sought to elucidate and explain things from the supra-sensual standpoint of the forms , his pupil preferred to start from the facts given us by experience . 
I am not going to exploit , for political purposes , my opponent 's youth and inexperience '' , which generated applause and laughter . 
596
The significant emphasis with ' I ' within the hymns is an indication of Newton 's view that the hymns are a product of his personal experience , a feature of his belief in personal repentance and Conversion , and his desire for a personal relationship with God . 
Early life . 
597
As such , when one experiences oneself in the Look , one does n't experience oneself as nothing -LRB- no thing -RRB- , but as something . 
The majority of human scavengers suffer from respiratory diseases , with 23 % suffering trachoma , leading to blindness . 
598
I experience it rather than understand it . '' 
An octopus 's suction cups are equipped with chemoreceptors so that the octopus can taste what it is touching . 
599
Transport links have improved significantly , with the Isle of Dogs gaining a tube connection via the Jubilee Line Extension -LRB- opened 1999 -RRB- and the DLR being extended to Beckton , Lewisham , London City Airport , North Woolwich and Stratford . 
Pushed by its comparatively higher demographic growth , the Han continued their expansion by military and demographic waves . 
600
Some commentators have suggested that increased immigration has a negative effect on the environment , especially as the level of economic development of the United States -LRB- and by extension , its energy , water and other needs that underpin its prosperity -RRB- means that the impact of a larger population is greater than what would be experienced in other countries . 
opened for input is an example of a different kind of undefined behavior , not necessarily a programming error but a case for which some conforming implementations may provide well-defined , useful semantics -LRB- in this example , presumably discarding input through the next new-line -RRB- as an allowed '' extension '' . 
601
From now on , we saw a blue , surrounded by laurels eye , which contained the words '' Opel '' in capital letters -LRB- uppercase -RRB- . 
Nevertheless , new interest in evolution in and around 1977 inspired developmental biologists to look more closely at Haeckel 's illustrations . 
602
mention not to assert when the time of the end shall be , but to put a stop to the rash conjectures of fanciful men who are frequently predicting the time of the end , and by doing so bring the sacred prophesies into discredit as often as their predictions fail . '' 
The major choke points include Bab el Mandeb , Strait of Hormuz , the Lombok Strait , the Strait of Malacca and the Palk Strait . 
603
It is fair to say that many -LRB- but not all -RRB- of these criticisms can only be directed towards a subset of the neoclassical models -LRB- for example , there are many neoclassical models where unregulated markets fail to achieve Pareto-optimality and there has recently been an increased interest in modeling non-rational decision making -RRB- . 
Late Bronze Age ships , such as the Uluburun Shipwreck have been discovered in the Mediterranean , constructed of edge joined planks . 
604
In November 2007 , Israel passed a new Copyright Law that included a US style fair use exception . 
The book received strong , if few reviews . 
605
It touches on a variety of traditional principles of Catholic social teaching : the right to a just wage ; the right to security of employment ; the right to fair and reasonable working conditions ; the right to join a union and strike as a last resort ; and the universal destination of resources and goods . 
Edward Sparrow , written by General St. John R. Liddell , which noted that Lee would be hard-pressed in the interior of Virginia by spring , and the need to consider Patrick Cleburne 's plan to emancipate the slaves and put all men in the army that were willing to join . 
606
When Beckett was asked why Lucky was so named , he replied , '' I suppose he is lucky to have no more expectations ... '' We learn very little about Pozzo besides the fact that he is on his way to the fair to sell his slave , Lucky . 
The location of Midway in the Pacific became important to the military . 
607
God is very fair and gives you exactly what you deserve . '' 
The weather in Switzerland is generally moderate in the Swiss Plateau . 
608
Colin Hay emigrated to Australia in 1967 from Scotland with his family . 
Many medications are used to treat ASD symptoms that interfere with integrating a child into home or school when behavioral treatment fails . 
609
Originally the dogs were cared for by the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity , followed by a 50 year tradition -LRB- 1959-2008 -RRB- of care by the Cross family -LRB- a UW professor followed by his son -RRB- . 
As a member of the imperial family , Agrippina was expected to have and show strict traditional Roman virtues for a woman that was frugality , chastity and domesticity . 
610
On the other hand , Poirot was working undercover at the time and may have deliberately or unconsciously misled Hastings about his family connection to the area . 
In addition , the Polisario Front has been reported as planning a vote on a proposal for making preparations for war . 
611
The North Korean famine known as '' Arduous March '' resulted in the deaths of between 300,000 and 800,000 North Koreans per year during the three year famine , peaking in 1997 , with 2.0 million total being '' the highest possible estimate . '' 
The Anglo-Irish Treaty of 1921 , negotiated between teams representing the British and Irish Republic 's governments , and ratified by three parliaments ,4 established the Irish Free State , which was initially a British Empire Dominion in the same vein as Canada or South Africa , but subsequently left the British Commonwealth and became a republic after World War II , without . 
612
There are many claims that cannibalism was widespread during the famine of Ukraine in the 1930s , during the Siege of Leningrad in World War II , and during the Chinese Civil War and the Great Leap Forward in the People 's Republic of China . 
This argues that insanity should be defined as a lack of substantial capacity to control one 's behavior . 
613
However , a Jain may fast at any time , especially if s/he feels some mistake -LRB- negative karma generally known as '' paap '' has been committed . 
Muslims must abstain from food , drink , and sexual intercourse from dawn to dusk during this month , and are to be especially mindful of other sins . 
614
The late spring hunting season ends for polar bears when the ice begins to melt and break up , and they fast or eat little during the summer until the sea freezes again . 
Gaudiya Vaishnava Hindus generally also abstain from caffeine , as it is alleged to cloud the mind and over-stimulate the senses . 
615
Monastics often fast on Mondays -LRB- in imitation of the Angels , who are commemorated on that day in the weekly cycle , since monastics are striving to lead an angelic life on earth , and angels neither eat nor drink -RRB- . 
The PDP-9 was instruction compatible with the PDP-4 and -7 , but ran about twice as fast as the -7 and was intended to be used in larger deployments . 
616
Neither of these ideas relied on compression of the plutonium , and neither would assemble the device fast enough to avoid preinitiation -LRB- see discussion below -RRB- . 
However , despite holding this view in public , the British government made private contact with republican leaders in a bid to bring the hunger strikes to an end . 
617
pp61-71 -RSB- In molecular nanotechnology , the earliest proposal for a way to implement extremely small and fast computers relied upon logic gates constructed from sliding rods and stubby protrusions to conditionally restrict their motion . 
Duels often take place with opponents mostly out of sight of each other , jockeying for position and carefully stocking up on items , with sudden changes in speed of play when one player or the other gains an advantage . 
618
The entire island has been designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest and it was England 's first statutory Marine Nature Reserve , and the first Marine Conservation Zone , because of its unique flora and fauna . 
The avifauna of Morocco includes a total of 454 species , of which five have been introduced by humans , and 156 are rare or accidental . 
619
In other words , unlike clinical phobias , which are usually qualified with disabling fear , class discrimination usually has roots in social relations . 
In other words , Christian fundamentalism and other strict interpretations of the Bible are associated with greater fear of death . 
620
Suetonius reports that the text of this speech was later found in Nero 's writing desk , but that he dared not give it from fear of being torn to pieces before he could reach the Forum . 
As writer Mark Twain said , '' It took a brave man before the Civil War to confess he had read the '' Age of Reason '' ... I read it first when I was a cub pilot , read it with fear and hesitation , but marveling at its fearlessness and wonderful power . '' 
621
Appeal to fear . 
Still , many thought that the inexperienced Cowboys might panic under the pressure of playing in their first Super Bowl , and thus make a number of mistakes . 
622
Over time this country 's fertility will approach that of its fastest growing group in the same way that regardless of how large the constant '' a '' is or how small the constant '' b '' is . 
Tempera is traditionally created by hand-grinding dry powdered pigments into a binding agent or '' medium '' , such as egg , glue , honey , water , milk -LRB- in the form of casein -RRB- and a variety of plant gums . 
623
A woman practicing symptoms-based fertility awareness may choose to observe one sign , two signs , or , all three . 
Heavy water is slightly toxic in eukaryotic animals , with 25 % substitution of the body water causing cell division problems and sterility , and 50 % substitution causing death by cytotoxic syndrome -LRB- bone marrow failure and gastrointestinal lining failure -RRB- . 
624
By the time of Christ , the Greco-Roman world had started to use the term '' myth '' -LRB- Greek '' muthos '' -RRB- to mean '' fable , fiction , lie '' ; as a result , the early Christian theologians used '' myth '' in this sense . 
Such misuse of Talmud by the Soviet authorities was exposed in a 1984 hearing record before the Subcommittee on Human Rights and International Organizations in the US Congress concerning the Soviet Jewry , This vicious anti-Semitic canard , frequently repeated by other Soviet writers and officials , is based upon the malicious notion that the '' Chosen People '' of the Torah and Talmud preaches '' superiority over other peoples , '' as well as exclusivity . 
625
In 1961 he edited an anthology of reprinted short science fiction for the British paperback publisher Penguin Books under the title '' Penguin Science Fiction '' . 
The most common fantasy subgenres depicted in movies are High Fantasy and Sword and Sorcery . 
626
A form particularly popular in Europe and America is field archery , shot at targets generally set at various distances in a wooded setting . 
An AI machine could handle the full range of human intellectual tasks and would be both emotional and self-aware . 
627
They would field eight All-Stars -LRB- manager Dick Williams , Tony Gwynn , Graig Nettles , Rich Gossage , Terry Kennedy , Garry Templeton , Steve Garvey , and La Marr Hoyt -RRB- at the 1985 All-Star Game in Minnesota . 
They play a special role in the cilia of renal epithelial cells , and are thought to be critical for normal renal cell development and function and are sorted out and localized to the cilia of renal epithelial cells by the fore mentioned intraflagellar transport mechanism . 
628
Salaries in the field of veterinary medicine vary depending on the individuals experience , responsibility , location geographically , and field of employment . 
A study in Bristol reported in the British Medical Journal on 3 May 2008 linked urinary tract disease with ketamine use . 
629
In the end , after ten days of vicious fighting , the Germans claimed over 600,000 Soviet soldiers captured . 
Watterson 's technique started with minimalist pencil sketches drawn with a light pencil -LRB- though the larger Sunday strips often required more elaborate work -RRB- ; he then would use a small sable brush and India ink on the Strathmore bristol board to complete most of the remaining drawing . 
630
The majority of the rearguard played little part in the battle , with English and French accounts agreeing that many of the French army fled after seeing so many French nobles killed and captured in the fighting . 
Spawn instead turns his efforts towards stemming the torment of humanity and defeating the evil that exists on Earth . 
631
Staff from 1935 to 1938 , whom he characterized as hostile to ideas of modern mechanized warfare : -LSB- Corum quoting Guderian -RSB- '' He -LSB- Beck -RSB- was a paralyzing element wherever he appeared ... -LSB- S -RSB- ignificantly of his way of thought was his much-boosted method of fighting which he called delaying defense '' . 
Reports of violence surrounding the release of the PS3 include a customer shot , campers robbed at gunpoint , customers shot in a drive-by shooting with BB guns , and 60 campers fighting over 10 systems . 
632
Israeli Brigade Commander Colonel Shoham was killed during the second day of fighting , along with his second in command and their Operations Officer -LRB- each in a separate tank -RRB- , as the Syrians desperately tried to advance towards the Sea of Galilee and Nafah . 
Unable , however , to resist the urging of Charles V , the pope , after proposing Mantua as the place of meeting , convened the council at Trent -LRB- at that time a free city of the Holy Roman Empire under a prince-bishop -RRB- , on December 13 , 1545 ; the Pope 's . 
633
One possibility is that the Black Sea filled first , with excess fresh water flowing over the Bosporus sill and eventually into the Mediterranean Sea . 
Due to Veeck 's arrival in 1959 , Comiskey Park instantly became a ballpark filled with a series of promotional stunts which helped draw record crowds , the most obvious being the exploding fireworks Veeck installed in the scoreboard to celebrate home runs and victories . 
634
The film was only a partial talkie and is often called the last silent film . 
The end result of post-production is a digital intermediate used to record the motion picture to film and/or for the digital cinema release . 
635
The theater held the film over for six weeks which had never happened before . 
Greenhouse growth of plants in peat bags is often termed hydroponics , but technically it is not because the medium provides some of the mineral nutrients . 
636
The song that Diab chose to film was '' N'eoul Eih '' , which is in the new style of House Music mixed with oriental Arabic music . 
It is far more common to use a charge-coupled device camera to record a long , deep exposure , allowing a more sensitive image to be created because the light is added over time . 
637
He would fine the Hawks if they brought their girlfriends to the clubs -LRB- fearing it might reduce the numbers of '' available '' girls who came to performances -RRB- or if they smoked marijuana . 
Famous authors of the city include Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , the creator of '' Sherlock Holmes '' , Ian Rankin , author of the '' Inspector Rebus '' series of crime thrillers , J. K. Rowling , the author of '' Harry Potter '' , who wrote her first book in an Edinburgh coffee shop -LRB- Nicolson 's Cafe , the Elephant House and Black Medicine -RRB- , Adam Smith , economist , born in Kirkcaldy , and author of '' The Wealth of Nations '' , Walter Scott , the author of famous titles such as Rob Roy . 
638
Prior to insufflation , cocaine powder must be divided into very fine particles . 
These were used on some of the most precise clocks known . 
639
Under the roof of the CJIS are the programs for the '' National Crime Information Center '' -LRB- NCIC -RRB- , '' Uniform Crime Reporting '' -LRB- UCR -RRB- , '' Fingerprint Identification '' , '' Integrated Automated Fingerprint Identification System '' -LRB- IAFIS -RRB- , '' NCIC 2000 '' , and the '' National Incident-Based Reporting System '' -LRB- NIBRS -RRB- . 
This identification is made explicit in Josephus ' exposition of Daniel chapter eight -LRB- '' Antiquities '' 10:11 , c94 AD -RRB- where he almost certainly cites a common Jewish interpretative tradition by identifying the '' little horn '' as Antiochus . 
640
He has significant ownership in Dimensional Fund Advisors , an investment firm . 
It was eligible for the latter award because of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation 's involvement as co-producer of the series . 
641
Many loose rocks are quite firm enough to bear a person 's weight , but experience is needed to know which can be trusted , and skill is required in transferring the weight to them without jerking . 
Rabbits solve this problem by passing two distinct types of feces : hard droppings and soft black viscous pellets , the latter of which are immediately eaten . 
642
In 1869 , the two entered into a working relationship , the result being Tchaikovsky 's first recognised masterpiece , the fantasy-overture '' Romeo and Juliet '' , a work which The Five wholeheartedly embraced . 
It was also suggested that the breakup could have been initiated by an in-flight separation of the forward cargo door ; however , all evidence indicated that the door was closed and locked at impact . 
643
Not only must they purchase -LRB- or lease -RRB- new airliner bodies and engines regularly , they must make major long-term fleet decisions with the goal of meeting the demands of their markets while producing a fleet that is relatively economical to operate and maintain . 
Kesselring strongly disagreed with Rommel 's decision , and went as far as threatening to withdraw his aircraft to Sicily . 
644
As of October 2009 , the American Airlines fleet consists of 603 aircraft . 
Yamamoto is considered to be an imaginative and brave leader for formulating a plan to launch a pre-emptive attack on US forces in the Pacific Fleet . 
645
Kuznetsov '' was named after the Admiral of the Fleet of the Soviet Union Nikolai Gerasimovich Kuznetsov . 
After advancing 15 yards with 2 running plays , Montana completed a pair of passes to tight end Russ Francis to move the ball 29 yards to the Miami 11-yard line . 
646
Its fleet consists of single-decker , double-decker , vestibule , low-floor , disabled-friendly , air-conditioned and Euro III compliant Compressed Natural Gas powered buses . 
It is possible to travel to the west coast at Bordeaux in two and a half hours , to the Mediterranean coast via Avignon and from there to Spain and Barcelona , or to Lyon , Strasbourg and Lille . 
647
Tina Mucklow , a flight attendant who spent the most time with the hijacker , remarked Cooper '' seemed rather nice , '' and thoughtful enough to request the crew be brought meals after the jet landed in Seattle . 
The plane 's engines subsequently separated in flight and fell several blocks north and east of the main wreckage site . 
648
Before the September 11 , 2001 attacks , pilots and flight attendants were trained to adopt the '' Common Strategy '' tactic , which was approved by the FAA . 
one addresses biological warfare and the overriding of the United States Bill of Rights , another gives a detailed account of the John F. Kennedy assassination , in which no fewer than five snipers , all working for different causes , prepared to shoot Kennedy in Dallas , Texas , and the book 's climax occurs at a rock concert where the audience collectively face the danger of becoming a mass human sacrifice . '' 
649
Of the four aircraft hijacked on September 11 , American Airlines Flight 11 , American Airlines Flight 77 and United Airlines Flight 175 being the others , United Airlines Flight 93 was the only aircraft that failed to reach its intended target because of the actions of its passengers . 
On 20 November 1948 , an unarmed RAF photo-reconnaissance De Havilland Mosquito of No. 13 Squadron RAF on an intelligence sortie was shot down by a P-51 flown by Wayne Peake . 
650
In the days following the flood , 9,000 residents were forced to evacuate and over 2,000 residences and businesses were damaged by floodwaters . 
Emperor Gratian , nineteen years old , was overcome by the debacle , and until he appointed Theodosius I , unable to deal with the catastrophe which spread out of control . 
651
In addition , YouTube has implemented a CAPTCHA system that makes rapid posting of repeated comments much more difficult than before , because of abuse in the past by mass-spammers who would flood people 's profiles with thousands of repetitive comments . 
election '' is also more widely used in U.S. politics to denote an election whose winner takes office , as distinguished from a primary election for the same office , administered by government employees to determine the party 's candidate for a specific office , or a special election to fill an vacancy between regularly scheduled elections . 
652
The provincial government maintains an Integrated Flood Hazard Management program and an extensive flood protection infrastructure in the Lower Mainland . 
However , with the fall of the regime many popular foreign movies , previously forbidden or at least questionable under communist rule , started to flood in , in the form of low-quality home-copied videos . 
653
However , these scorched earth policies also resulted in tens of thousands of deaths , including the 1938 Huang He flood , when dams were burst to delay the Japanese advance . 
About long , the river originates at Lake Itasca , Minnesota and flows slowly southwards in sweeping meanders , terminating 95 river miles below New Orleans , Louisiana where it begins to flow to the Gulf of Mexico . 
654
For example , a player may have both a draw to a flush and a full house using different combinations of cards . 
Educated at Parramatta High School , Benaud made his first grade debut for Cumberland at age 16 , primarily as a batsman . 
655
The B-17C changed from gun blisters to flush , oval-shaped windows . 
The Italian Greyhound 's chest is deep , with a tucked up abdomen , long slender legs and a long neck that tapers down to a small head . 
656
When a cannon had to be abandoned such as in a retreat or surrender , the touch hole of the cannon would be plugged flush with a iron spike , disabling the cannon -LRB- at least until metal boring tools could be used to remove the plug -RRB- . 
But for the most part , the 1990s signaled a decline in the popularity of protest songs in the mainstream media and public consciousness -- even resulting in some parodies of the genre . 
657
Once flush with oil and gas riches , Cajun culture , food , music , and their infectious '' joie de vivre '' lifestyle quickly gained international acclaim . 
Regular grooming is also helpful to help the horse maintain good health of the hair coat and underlying skin . 
658
A hardwood fingerboard is flush with the soundtable . 
The Directorate composed by officers had behind a shadowy figure , who is told by Thomas Anderson in his book Matanza , his name was Rodolfo Duke , a rich man and also General Martinez . 
659
After the 9/11 attacks , Garza described the two men as '' impatient students '' who '' wanted to learn to fly jets , specifically Boeings '' . 
The shuttlecock is also extremely aerodynamically stable : regardless of initial orientation , it will turn to fly cork-first , and remain in the cork-first orientation . 
660
They only pupate and then emerge from their burrows after 13 or 17 years , at which point they fly about , breed , and then die after a few weeks at most . 
West Berliners could travel to West Germany and all Western and non-aligned states at all times , except of the period of the Berlin Blockade by the Soviet Union -LRB- 24 June 1948 to 12 May 1949 -RRB- , due to restrictions of passenger flight capacity . 
661
The plate could then be propelled outward using the same energy source , thus maintaining its position so as to focus the energy on the solar sail . 
The distinction between the heavy infantry types began to blur , perhaps because the state was now assuming the responsibility of providing standard-issue equipment . 
662
Amphetamine -LRB- amfetamine -LRB- INN -RRB- -RRB- is a psychostimulant drug that is known to produce increased wakefulness and focus in association with decreased fatigue and appetite . 
In irregular galaxies , open clusters may be found throughout the galaxy , although their concentration is highest where the gas density is highest . 
663
Despite this increased focus , individuals are still commonly misdiagnosed . 
Some hold that borderline personality disorder represents a subthreshold form of mood disorder , while others maintain the distinctness , though noting they often coexist . 
664
The move was intended to permit Intel to focus its resources on its core x86 and server businesses , and the acquisition completed on November 9 , 2006 . 
In 1878 , and in light of its expanded focus , the college permanently changed its name to the now-familiar '' The Ohio State University '' , with '' The '' as part of its official name . 
665
Some expressed incomprehension or even hostility , varying from a rejection by the archaeological mainstream of what they saw as an archaeoastronomical fringe to an incomprehension between the cultural focus of archaeologists and the quantitative focus of early archaeoastronomers . 
For example , life insurance companies may require higher premiums or deny coverage altogether to people who work in hazardous occupations or engage in dangerous sports . 
666
Other curved surfaces may also focus light , but with aberrations due to the diverging shape causing the focus to be smeared out in space . 
The formal sciences are essential in the formation of hypotheses , theories , and laws , both in discovering and describing how things work -LRB- natural sciences -RRB- and how people think and act -LRB- social sciences -RRB- . 
667
The first time is on October 9 -LRB- for those churches which follow the traditional Julian Calendar , October 9 falls on October 22 of the modern Gregorian Calendar -RRB- , where he is commemorated together with his nephew '' Righteous Lot '' . 
Thought not physically strong enough to follow his brothers into the local heavy industries , Whale started work as a cobbler , reclaiming the nails he recovered from replaced soles and selling them for scrap for extra money . 
668
Gardening for food extends far back into prehistory . 
The serpent tells the woman that she will not die if she eats the fruit of the tree : '' When you eat of it your eyes will be opened , and you will be like God , knowing good and evil . '' 
669
The Scientific Committee on Food -LRB- SCF -RRB- of the EC has given a positive vote on eight categories of food to be irradiated . 
In a typical situation , the electrical fields are traveling waves described by at position formula_23 , with the wave vector formula_24 , where formula_25 is the velocity of light and formula_26 the index of refraction of the medium at angular frequency formula_27 . 
670
Population , he argued , tended to increase geometrically , outstripping the production of food , which increased arithmetically . 
This occurs during S phase , in interphase , the period that precedes the mitotic phase in the cell cycle where preparation for mitosis occurs . 
671
The primary food crops being grown on Flores are rice , maize sweet potato and cassava , while the main cash crops are coffee , coconut , candle nut and cashew . 
No other atypical studied -LRB- risperidone , quetiapine , and ziprasidone -RRB- did better than the typical perphenazine on the measures used , nor did the produce fewer adverse effects than the typical antipsychotic Perphenazine -LRB- a result supported by a meta-analysis by Dr. Leucht published in Lancet -RRB- , although more patients discontinued perphenazine owing to extrapyramidal effects compared to the atypical agents -LRB- 8 percent vs. 2 percent to 4 percent , P = . 
672
Fish that are higher on the trophic level are less efficient sources of food energy . 
Rooster . 
673
The pregame show held before the game featured country music singer Hank Williams , Jr. , who performed his theme song for '' Monday Night Football '' , which was based on his single '' All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight '' . 
The NCAA Men 's Lacrosse Championship has the highest attendance of any , outdrawing the Final Four of men 's basketball . 
674
In July 1969 , El Salvador and Honduras fought the 100-hour Football War over disputed border areas and friction resulting from the 300,000 Salvadorans who had emigrated to Honduras in search of land and employment . 
Professional Cheerleaders cheer for sports such as football , basketball , rugby league , soccer , baseball , wrestling , or hockey . 
675
Cadets ' attendance is mandatory at football games and the Corps stands for the duration of the game . 
The international RoboCup Junior soccer competition involves extensive use of Lego Mindstorms equipment which is often pushed to its extreme limits . 
676
Cowher produced the franchise 's record-tying fifth Super Bowl win in Super Bowl XL over the National Football Conference champion Seattle Seahawks ten years later . 
Lleyton went on to win the Tokyo Open and again qualify for the year-end Tennis Masters Cup held in Sydney . 
677
In 1904 , Norwegian scientist Vilhelm Bjerknes first argued in his paper '' Weather Forecasting as a Problem in Mechanics and Physics '' that it should be possible to forecast weather from calculations based upon natural laws . 
Software on ROM loaded much faster than from disc or tape and the machine 's boot-up sequence was designed to evaluate ROMs it found and optionally hand over control of the machine to them . 
678
In the US , while the Coal and Gas Electricity industry is projected to be worth $ 85 billion by 2013 , Nuclear Power generators are forecast to be worth $ 18 billion . 
Because the attacker -LRB- theoretically -RRB- does not know what value will be used to encode/decode the pointer , he can not predict what it will point to if he overwrites it with a new value . 
679
Factors influencing the price include the days remaining until departure , the booked load factor , the forecast of total demand by price point , competitive pricing in force , and variations by day of week of departure and by time of day . 
Along with contemporary ancient Egyptian medicine , the Babylonians introduced the concepts of diagnosis , prognosis , physical examination , and prescriptions . 
680
In the city 's Southwestern section , Collier Heights is home to the wealthy and elite African-American population of the city , and features neighborhoods such as Cascade Heights and Peyton Forest . 
Coniferous trees are the dominant plants of the taiga biome . 
681
The presidents of Russia , Ukraine and Belarus met in Belovezh Forest , near Brest , Belarus , on 8 December , founding the Commonwealth of Independent States and declaring the end of the Soviet Union in the Belavezha Accords . 
France also staged a remarkable comeback enjoying rapid growth and modernisation ; later on Spain , under the leadership of Franco , also recovered , and the nation recorded huge unprecedented economic growth beginning in the 1960s in what is called the Spanish miracle . 
682
Some art historians believe that fresco artists from Crete may have been sent to various locations as part of a trade exchange , a possibility which raises to the fore the importance of this art form within the society of the times . 
A version of the P4 compiler , which created native binaries , was released for the 370 mainframe computer by the Australian Atomic Energy Commission ; it was called the '' AAEC Pascal Compiler '' after the abbreviation of the name of the Commission . 
683
Poetic Form -LRB- similar to the Wisdom poetry in Hebrew scriptures -RRB- John uses all of these techniques together in order to draw in the reader and allow the reader to take the place of the person who is actually encountering Jesus so that the reader may find out who Jesus . 
The concept of the things in conscious experience being impressions in the brain is a type of representationalism , and representationalism is a form of indirect realism . 
684
According to the '' Fort Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel '' , the Marlins passed up the Mets ' offer to give them center fielder Lastings Milledge , who was at the time ranked the Mets ' top prospect according to Baseball America . 
The original town of San Diego grew up at the foot of Presidio Hill , in the area which is now Old Town San Diego State Historic Park . 
685
Guam was subsequently converted into a forward operations base for the U.S. Navy and Army Air Force . 
Therefore , they employ a wide-variety of linguistic devices to bypass regulatory laws -LRB- e.g. printing English words in bold and French translations in fine print to deal with the Article 120 of the 1994 Toubon Law limiting the use of English in French advertising -RRB- . 
686
While St. Louis University completed the first legal forward pass in the first half of September , this accomplishment was in part due to the fact that most schools did not begin their football schedule until early October . 
The third time a player receives a penalty , it will be a personal penalty meaning he or she will miss the remainder of the match . 
687
Stueckelberg was motivated by the need for a manifestly covariant formalism for quantum field theory , but did not provide as automated a way to handle symmetry factors and loops , although he was first to find the correct physical interpretation in terms of forward and backward in time particle paths , all without the path-integral . 
At number six , '' Titanic '' holds the highest position for a film that was released only once . 
688
Armies that apply forward tactical control generally put the majority of the more senior officers of artillery units forward in command observation posts or with the supported arm . 
Utility cycling refers both to cycling as a mode of daily commuting transport as well as the use of a bicycle in a commercial activity , mainly to transport goods . 
689
Riders including Paul Revere alerted the countryside , and when British troops entered Lexington on the morning of April 19 , they found 77 minutemen formed up on the village green . 
Hypnozoites are found in '' Karyolysus lacerate '' and most species of '' Plasmodium '' ; transovarial transmission of parasites occurs in life cycles of '' Karyolysus '' and '' Babesia '' . 
690
The pathway , which conveys an anti-apoptotic signal , has been found to be activated in pancreatic adenocarcinoma tissues . 
It requires bishops throughout the Church to initiate biblical studies for lay people . 
691
David R. Hekman and colleagues found that women are less likely to negotiate because they are less valuable in the marketplace than equally well performing white men Hekman et al. -LRB- 2009 -RRB- found that customers who viewed videos featuring a black male , a white female , or a white male actor playing the role of an employee helping a customer were 19 % more satisfied with the white male employee 's performance and also were more satisfied with the store 's . 
To this wage , a legionary on active campaign would hope to add the booty of war , from the bodies of their enemies and as plunder from enemy settlements . 
692
Fifteen hundred men from the Haganah 's Givati Brigade and the Palmach 's Harel brigade went about freeing the route to the city between 5 April and 20 April . 
After a few days , the eyes clear and the snake '' crawls '' out of its old skin . 
693
Although Lincoln initially disclaimed any intention to interfere with slavery , the progress of the war produced the Emancipation Proclamation freeing slaves in Southern states still in revolt , and ultimately the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution in December 1865 , which ended legalized slavery in the United States . 
In September 2007 , United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit stated that a parole office can be sued for ordering a parolee to attend AA . 
694
offer a new game every week for a year -LRB- it got to about a dozen before the initial author gave up , then another dozen before the second one did -RRB- ; which continues to detail the runnings of a gaming retail store ; and which describes how to freelance in the gaming industry . 
His gun did not work , and his dagger fell on the ground as the tiger jumped on him . 
695
After this rail link was established , hundreds of thousands of U.S. citizens came west , where new Californians were discovering that land in the state , if irrigated during the dry summer months , was extremely well-suited to fruit cultivation and agriculture in general . 
Neither Jacob nor the stranger can prevail , but the man touches Jacob 's thigh and pleads to be released before daybreak , but Jacob refuses to release the being until he agrees to give a blessing ; the stranger then announces to Jacob that he shall bear the name '' Israel '' , '' for you have striven with God and with men , and have prevailed . '' 
696
Matza containing eggs , wine , or fruit juice in addition to water is not acceptable as it is considered to become leaven . 
The same widget used in Microsoft Office is also used in the Visual Studio product line , though the '' Fluent UI '' was not announced to be included in future versions of Visual Studio . 
697
Fuck the Facts , a Canadian group , practiced classic grindcore , characterized by the '' metronome-precision drumming and riffing -LSB- that -RSB- abound , as well as vocal screams and growls '' by '' Allmusic '' reviewer Greg Prato . 
Prevalence is difficult to generalize , but research has estimated 10-15 % of the general population as having at least one incest experience , with less than 2 % involving intercourse or attempted intercourse . 
698
The 1980s also saw the rise of rap and hip-hop , and with it bands such as Grandmaster Flash -LRB- '' The Message -LSB- 1982 -RSB- '' -RRB- , Boogie Down Productions -LRB- '' Stop the Violence '' -LSB- 1988 -RSB- -RRB- , '' N.W.A -LRB- '' Fuck tha Police '' -LSB- 1988 -RSB- -RRB- and Public Enemy -LRB- '' Fight the Power '' -LSB- 1989 -RSB- , '' 911 -LRB- Is a Joke -RRB- '' etc. -RRB- who vehemently protested the discrimination and poverty which the black community faced in America , in particular focusing on . 
, wrote to '' The Times '' to dispute suggestions that ' Earnest ' held any sexual connotations : '' Although they had ample opportunity , at no time did any of them even hint that Earnest was a synonym for homosexual , or that Bunburying may have implied homosexual sex . 
699
The seal in a missile hatch cover failed , allowing seawater to leak into the missile tube and react with residue from the missile 's liquid fuel . 
The soot deposited on a pot hung over a fire of birch bark was used for color . 
700
In the early days of European settlement , timber was harvested to fuel the steam engines in Sydney and Parramatta . 
The key element is that access to the network is available to any firm that needs it to supply its service , with the price the infrastructure owner is permitted to charge being regulated . 
701
They are easy to throttle , and safer to fuel and handle before launch than hydrazine thrusters . 
This scattered supply raised the price exponentially , and Enron traders were thus able to sell power at premium prices , sometimes up to a factor of 20x its normal peak value . 
702
Full information on element definitions and term relationships can be found in the Dublin Core Metadata Registry . 
by Alexander Kellner and Langston in 1996 , indicating that its status was too uncertain to give it a full new species name . 
703
In the same year , Soderbergh made '' Full Frontal '' which was shot mostly on digital video in an improvisional style that deliberately blurred the line between which actors were playing characters and which were playing fictionized versions of themselves . 
On his return to England his uncle found Maugham a position in an accountant 's office , but after a month Maugham gave it up and returned to Whitstable . 
704
Before the revolution , in late 1978 , a rumour swept the country that Khomeini 's face could be seen in the full moon . 
According to the Talmud -LRB- tractate Taanit 2a -RRB- , prayer is a Biblical command : '' ' You shall serve God with your whole heart . ' 
705
Following the glass batch preparation and mixing , the raw materials are transported to the furnace . 
SAR plants are common additions to metal smelting plants , oil refineries , and other industries where sulfuric acid is consumed in bulk , as operating a SAR plant is much cheaper than the recurring costs of spent acid disposal and new acid purchases . 
706
cited as the first of several new areas for industrial mass-production , which are said to characterise a '' Second Industrial Revolution '' , beginning around 1850 , although a method for mass manufacture of steel was not invented until the 1860s , when Sir Henry Bessemer invented a new furnace which could make wrought iron and steel in large quantities . 
David Stove . 
707
An English edition published the same year by Joyce 's patron , Harriet Shaw Weaver , ran into further difficulties with the United States authorities , and 500 copies that were shipped to the States were seized and possibly destroyed . 
There is evidence pushing this back as far as the Ur III dynasty . 
708
Hitler and the Nazi regime attempted to found their own version of Christianity called Positive Christianity which made major changes in its interpretation of the Bible which said that Jesus Christ was the son of God , but was not a Jew ; they further claimed that Christ despised Jews , and that the Jews were the ones solely responsible for his death . 
Redox cycling may allow other antioxidants -LRB- such as vitamin C -RRB- to act as pro-oxidants and promote free radical formation . 
709
Big feet and fused leg bones give them a long-distance runner 's physique , capable of maintaining speeds of for extended periods of time . 
A referendum was conducted in Singapore to gauge opinion , and 70 % supported merger with substantial autonomy given to the state government . 
710
In most common law countries , especially those with fused professions , lawyers have many options over the course of their careers . 
Who , facing the united might of all Asia , has found himself at the side of his city when its inhabitants had been driven from their homes , and still won the victory ? '' 
711
Cell horizontal radius varies depending on antenna height , antenna gain and propagation conditions from a couple of hundred meters to several tens of kilometres . 
Ukrainians , Germans , Lipovans , Turks , Tatars , Serbs , Slovaks , Bulgarians , Croats , Greeks , Russians , Jews , Czechs , Poles , Italians , Armenians , as well as other ethnic groups , account for the remaining 1.4 % of the population . 
712
It would not be until the 1960s under President Park Chung Hee that industrialization would come to Korea , when the country would gain the economic and cultural power it holds in the global economy today . 
A '' , and endorsing the whole project to gain exclusive rights , the album never materialized . 
713
It is disputed whether corn ethanol as an automotive fuel results in a net energy gain or loss . 
The measure should be continuous , so that changing the values of the probabilities by a very small amount should only change the entropy by a small amount . 
714
This allows them to gain energy and thereby move through the conductor -LRB- usually a metal -RRB- . 
These forces must balance so Divide by formula_27 and take the limit as formula_28 to obtain Note that , up till now , no assumptions have been made regarding the force formula_30 , so equations -LRB- 1 -RRB- and -LRB- 2 -RRB- can be used as the starting point in the analysis of a flexible chain acting under any external force . 
715
always referred to as '' my attorney '' -RRB- become sidetracked by a search for the American Dream , with '' ... two bags of grass , seventy-five pellets of mescaline , five sheets of high-powered blotter acid , a salt shaker half full of cocaine , and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers , downers , screamers , laughers -LSB- ... -RSB- and also a quart of tequila , a quart of rum , a case of Budweiser , a pint of raw ether , and two dozen amyls . '' 
In 2000 , Updike included the novella '' Rabbit Remembered '' in his collection '' Licks of Love '' , drawing a final close to the Rabbit saga . 
716
The project even found and hired Malcolm Rice , a quarry supervisor who had overseen the original 1941 gallery project . 
Somehow , Sullivan still seemed to fit the show ; he appeared to the audience as an average guy who brought the great acts of show business to their home televisions . 
717
The game had relatively simple rules compared to today and was not added -LRB- under any name -RRB- to an official rule book until 1940 . 
This pivotal defeat ended the first Persian invasion of Greece proper and was celebrated across the city-states of Greece . 
718
Casino game . 
An obituary by Robert Palmer published in '' The New York Times '' fittingly described him as a man who '' threw off the sort of ideas that ordinary artists would parlay into a lifetime career , great clumps of ideas , as casually as a locomotive throws off sparks '' . 
719
Various spin-offs and modifications to the original '' Duke Nukem 3D '' were produced in the following years of the game 's initial launch . '' 
San Francisco defeated the New York Giants 44-3 in the divisional playoff game , but lost to the Dallas Cowboys 38-21 in the NFC Championship at Texas Stadium . 
720
When players run out of hexagons to build the island , the game is over . 
For every round of five targets there are eight bullets available , though the last three can only be single-loaded manually one at a time from spare round holders or bullets deposited by the competitor into trays or onto the mat at the firing line . 
721
An '' annoying '' death is typically one that was the fault of misfortune more than the player -LRB- such as falling into a spiked , poisoned pit trap early in the game -RRB- ; a '' stupid '' death is when player 's actions were directly responsible for their own death . 
However , R. Lee Ermey , on his television series '' Mail Call , '' disputes this , saying that the vehicle was designed for specific duties , and was never referred to as '' General Purpose '' and it is highly unlikely that the average jeep-driving GI would have been familiar with this designation . 
722
The North African version of the informal game is always played '' . 
According to cryptozoologists Loren Coleman and Patrick Huyghe , authors of the '' Field Guide to Lake Monsters '' , '' African guides found large , unexplained tracks along the bank of a river and later in a swamp the team heard mysterious roars , which had no resemblance with any known animal '' . 
723
Gygax defended the game on a segment of '' 60 Minutes '' , and aired in 1985 . 
Germany did not want to risk lengthy battles along the French-German border and instead adopted the Schlieffen Plan , a military strategy designed to cripple France by invading Belgium and Luxembourg , sweeping down towards Paris and encircling and crushing the French forces along the French-German border in a quick victory . 
724
Building a Low-Carbon Energy System that dramatically reduces the use of fossil fuels and lowers greenhouse gas emissions . 
Because the pressure is lower at the surface than underground , some of the gas will come out of solution and be recovered -LRB- or burned -RRB- as associated gas or solution gas . 
725
CommDev -LRB- The Oil , Gas and Mining Sustainable Community Development Fund -RRB- is a funding mechanism for practical capacity building , training , technical assistance , implementation support , awareness-raising , and tool development . 
In the mean time , Batman stops the Penguin 's men from kidnapping the children and learns of the Penguin 's sewer hideout . 
726
The most important attribute of metalized nylon for balloons is its light weight , increasing buoyancy and its ability to keep the helium gas from escaping for several weeks . 
The percentage of speakers of each language for 2001 has been worked out on the total population of India -LRB- excluding Mao-Maram , Paomata and Purul subdivisions of Senapati District of Manipur state due to cancellation of census results -RRB- . 
727
Digital Research was also in the process of building a new DOS-like operating system specifically for GEM , GEMDOS , and there was some discussion of whether or not a port of GEMDOS could be completed in time for product delivery in June . 
DeCarlo was married , with a pregnant wife , and a laborer working for his father when he began to pursue a professional art career Circa 1947 , answering an ad , he broke into the comic book industry at Timely Comics , the 1940s iteration of Marvel Comics . 
728
Gem dealers are aware of the differences between gem laboratories and will make use of the discrepancies to obtain the best possible certificate . 
Few synthetic polymers are entirely crystalline . 
729
Biology of gender . 
Many protists and fungi alternate between sexual and asexual reproduction . 
730
They argue that what we ' know ' about gender is grounded in the ' everyday social construction of a world of two genders ' , where gender attribution seems more important than gender differentiation . 
He describes an ideal type of '' ideal speech situation '' , where actors are equally endowed with the capacities of discourse , recognize each other 's basic social equality and speech is undistorted by ideology or misrecognition . 
731
Krahulik made a post about the honor , in which he explained that '' Penny Arcade '' was created only because Next Gen rejected the duo 's entry to a comic contest many years before . '' 
Several dossiers of files were taken and the information passed to news agencies , many of which initially refused to publish the information . 
732
The new quartet 's first gig was arranged by Matlock , who was studying at Saint Martins College . 
On 1 June 2007 Presley , Barbato and McCord played their most recent gig with The Fall . 
733
Mike Leigh 's last gig was on Thursday , 20 March 1980 at Manchester Polytechnic , he apparently left and went back onto the cabaret circuit . 
The harpoon becomes lodged in Moby Dick 's flesh and Ahab , caught around the neck by a loop in his own harpoon 's rope and unable to free himself , is dragged into the cold oblivion of the sea with the injured whale . 
734
Additionally elements are established on the model -LRB- step 2 -RRB- , in the form of a layer of spheres from amber , corals , turquoise , quartz , color glass , pearls , ceramics , onyx , malachite , nephrite , amethyst , and azurite . 
Jove ; in The Dawn Treader they drink light under searching Sol ; in Prince Caspian they harden under strong Mars ; in The Silver Chair they learn obedience under subordinate Luna ; in The Horse and His Boy they come to love poetry under eloquent Mercury ; in The Magician 's Nephew they gain life-giving fruit under fertile Venus ; and in The Last Battle they suffer and die under chilling Saturn . '' 
735
Jadavpur University is also closely affiliated to leading research institutes like the Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science and the Central Glass and Ceramics Research Institute . 
Some authors reported that the plant may induce hepatic diseases , while others found that it is of protective functions against the liver damages which are caused by heavy metal inductions . 
736
An aluminum glass mirror is made of a float glass manufactured using vacuum coating , i.e. aluminum is spread over the glass in the vacuum chamber and then coated with two or more layers of waterproof protective paint . 
if , as above , the collective lens has a smaller refractive index ; on the other hand , they permit the elimination of astigmatism and curvature of the field , if the collective lens has a greater refractive index -LRB- this follows from the Petzval equation ; see L. Seidel , Astr . 
737
Impacts of similar size over remote ocean areas would have gone unnoticed before the advent of global satellite monitoring in the 1960s and 1970s . 
Until 1982 , the only teams from outside Europe and South America to advance out of the first round were : USA , semi-finalists in 1930 ; Cuba , quarter-finalists in 1938 ; Korea DPR , quarter-finalists in 1966 ; and Mexico , quarter-finalists in 1970 . 
738
Around 2002 , the Meat Puppets dissolved as Curt had gone on to release albums with the groups Eyes Adrift and Volcano . 
They work in a similar way to solid body electric guitars except that because the hollow body also vibrates , the pickups convert a combination of string and body vibration into an electrical signal . 
739
Jaws '' is often credited as being one of the first films to use traditionally B movie elements such as horror and mild gore in a big-budget Hollywood film . 
Once redistributed the free fraction in the blood is metabolised in the liver . 
740
This short , 100-second demo file contained the action and gore of many others , but in the context of a brief story , rather than the usual deathmatch . 
These sheets were cut into smaller window panes with nonuniform thickness . 
741
Two main problems pushed horror backward during this period : firstly , the horror genre wore itself out with the proliferation of nonstop slasher and gore films in the eighties . 
The Cheyenne turned and fired at Stuart with an old-fashioned pistol , striking him in the chest with a bullet , which did little more damage than to pierce the skin . 
742
The current Welsh Assembly Government was formed several weeks after the 2007 elections , following a brief period of minority administration , when Plaid Cymru joined Labour in a coalition government , which since December 2009 has been under the leadership of Carwyn Jones . 
The crisis of 1867 almost resulted in war between France and Prussia over the status of Luxembourg . 
743
A transitional clause in the constitution , however , allowed deputies elected in December 1993 to retain their Government employment , a provision that allowed many officials of the Yeltsin administration to serve in the parliament . 
Now , the Queen of Australia is generally bound by constitutional convention to accept the advice of the Australian Prime Minister and state Premiers about Australian and state constitutional matters respectively , however the practice of Premiers advising the monarch has only become the convention since the passage of the Australia Acts -LRB- 1986 -RRB- . 
744
The shortest term for a non-acting governor was that of Hugh McVay , who served four and a half months after replacing the resigning Clement C. Clay . 
As this could have a detrimental effect on the integrity of the engine and/or airframe , the fuel control system must reduce engine fuel flow to stabilize the flight Mach number and , thereby , air intake temperature to sensible levels . 
745
Pro-Southern Governor Claiborne F. Jackson ordered the mobilization of several hundred members of the state militia who had gathered in a camp in St. Louis for training . 
No Remorse '' was subsequently replaced by a new amp nicknamed '' Marsha '' when , as Kilmister said in an October 2004 interview , it '' blew up '' . '' 
746
Undergraduate and graduate programs operate on a year-round tri-semester schedule . 
have seen , permitted by the second Nicene council , AD 787 , to confer the tonsure and admit to the order of reader ; but gradually abbots , in the West also , advanced higher claims , until we find them in AD 1489 permitted by Innocent IV to confer both the subdiaconate and diaconate . 
747
Undergraduate and graduate programs operate on a year-round tri-semester schedule . 
The association currently represents about 14,000 graduate students and is the largest -LRB- by membership -RRB- graduate student organization in the Pac-10 . 
748
Graduate students may receive a ring after 75 % of their graduate coursework is completed or after the acceptance of their dissertation or thesis . 
The storm 's updraft , with upwardly-directed wind speeds as high as , blow the hailstones back up the cloud . 
749
-LRB- Women studied at Yale '' University '' as early as 1876 , but in graduate-level programs at the Yale Graduate School of Arts and Sciences . -RRB- 
The invention of nuclear and space weapons has made war unacceptable as an instrument for achieving political ends . '' 
750
This level of education is often referred to as graduate school , especially in North America . 
King George III refused to receive it , issuing instead the Proclamation of Rebellion , requiring action against the '' traitors '' . 
751
For graduate programs , there are many formalized joint degree graduate programs such as a joint J.D. / MBA . 
For a brief while , his father worked in the local synagogue to enjoy the familiar surroundings and '' shine as a learned scholar '' versed in the sacred writings . 
752
Midnight to Dawn '' , also known as Mid-dawn or The Graveyard Shift is the name of the 1am to 6am timeslot . 
Theismann 's subsequent pass was caught by Garrett , but he was tackled at the 9-yard line by defensive back Glenn Blackwood , preventing any field goal attempt as the Redskins were unable to stop the clock before time expired in the half . 
753
The American Psychological Association 's report '' Intelligence : Knowns and Unknowns '' states that other individual characteristics such as interpersonal skills , aspects of personality etc. are probably of equal or greater importance , but at this point we do not have equally reliable instruments to measure them , although , more recently , others argue that since most of professional tasks are now standardized or automated , and ranked IQ is a stable measurement over time with high correlation with . 
Other disputes were with the Atomists , and the Anatomists , arguing that the whole is far greater than the sum of the parts . 
754
If coal liquefaction is done without employing either carbon capture and storage technologies or biomass blending , the result is lifecycle greenhouse gas footprints that are generally greater than those released in the extraction and refinement of liquid fuel production from crude oil . 
Earlier Pliny says that a large island of three days ' sail from the Scythian coast called Balcia by Xenophon of Lampsacus is called Basilia by Pytheas . 
755
By 2005 , estimates indicate that the company controlled about 20 % of the retail grocery and consumables business . 
The UK claims jurisdiction over the continental shelf , as defined in continental shelf orders or in accordance with agreed upon boundaries , an exclusive fishing zone of , and territorial sea of . 
756
It is the group with the largest numbers of speakers , far out-numbering the Western and Southern Slavic groups . 
The creation and stockpiling of biological weapons -LRB- '' offensive biological warfare '' -RRB- was outlawed by the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention -LRB- BWC -RRB- , signed by over 100 countries . 
757
Modern methods have improved on these techniques by reordering coefficients to group coefficients of larger magnitude together ; using adjacent coefficients and blocks to predict new coefficient values ; dividing blocks or coefficients up among a small number of independently coded models based on their statistics and adjacent values ; and most recently , by decoding blocks , predicting subsequent blocks . 
To qualify for listing on the exchange , a company must be registered with the SEC , have at least three market makers -LRB- financial firms that act as brokers or dealers for specific securities -RRB- , and meet minimum requirements for assets , capital , public shares , and shareholders . 
758
The term is generally applied to behavior within civil governments , but politics has been observed in other group interactions , including corporate , academic , and religious institutions . 
Lead may still be found in harmful quantities in stoneware , vinyl -LRB- such as that used for tubing and the insulation of electrical cords -RRB- , and brass manufactured in China . 
759
It is considered a science fiction classic , and is particularly seen as a key hard science fiction text . 
Energy exports could generate the revenue that Afghan officials need to modernize the country 's infrastructure and expand economic opportunities for the beleaguered and fractious population . 
760
These sometimes represent branches which have become short , hard and pungent , or sometimes leaf-stipules . '' 
Clarinet designers Alastair Hanson and Tom Ridenour are strong advocates of hard rubber . 
761
In Ceawlin 's case the range of control is hard to determine accurately , but Bede 's inclusion of Ceawlin in the list of kings who held '' imperium '' , and the list of battles he is recorded as having won , indicate an energetic and successful leader who , from a base in the upper Thames valley . 
Hard X-rays have shorter wavelengths than soft X-rays . 
762
Some fictional robots are programmed to kill and destroy ; others gain superhuman intelligence and abilities by upgrading their own software and hardware . 
Circa 1540 CE the Javanese always alert for new weapons found the newly arrived Portuguese weaponry superior to that of the locally made variants . 
763
A pet rabbit 's diet typically consists of unlimited Timothy hay , a small amount of pellets , and a small portion of fresh vegetables . 
Deforestation is widespread as ever-more marginal land is cleared for agriculture , trees are cut down for firewood and leaves are harvested for fodder . 
764
The cleric uses specialized weapons , some of which have limited range or healing effects . 
He went as far as to bring in the Australian Boy 's Choir to do back-up on a '' Could n't Have Said It Better '' track , '' Testify '' . 
765
He contracted malaria on the trip , which damaged his health , and he died a few years later , at the age of 60 . 
The Demographics of Lesotho describe the condition and overview of Lesotho 's peoples . 
766
The most widely used criteria for diagnosing depressive conditions are found in the American Psychiatric Association 's revised fourth edition of the '' Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders '' -LRB- DSM-IV-TR -RRB- , and the World Health Organization 's '' International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems '' -LRB- ICD-10 -RRB- which uses the name recurrent depressive disorder . 
The study , conducted in laboratory mice , suggests that people exposed to arsenic in their drinking water may be at increased risk for more serious illness or death in response to infection from the virus . 
767
As the model made the turn , the breeze in the upper works forced it to heel more than at calm , forcing the main deck gun ports below the waterline and foundering the model within a few seconds . 
Cultural activities are fairly diverse throughout the region , with the music , dance , theatre , and literary art forms tending to follow the particular cultural heritage of specific locales . 
768
This arch stretches from the heel bone over the '' keystone '' ankle bone to the three medial metatarsals . 
For example , the abstract stack above could have been defined with operations codice_1 -LRB- '' x '' -RRB- and codice_2 -LRB- -RRB- , that operate on '' the '' only existing stack . 
769
His mother was a cousin of Sir Richard Burton , and he inherited from her considerable height , being 6 ' 4 '' . 
be offensive or illiterate , such as , '' an offensive term for ... '' or '' a taboo term meaning ... '' Because of the broad use of dictionaries , and their acceptance by many as language authorities , their treatment of the language does affect usage to some degree , even the most descriptive dictionaries providing conservative continuity . 
770
However , after 21:00 , on Sundays , holidays and in December the tariff will be '' 2 '' , which indicates a price hike of about 20 % . 
In the 1980s , given the dramatic increase in population of the previous decades , the inherent political inconsistencies of the system , as well as the dissatisfaction with the inadequate response of the federal government to assist the city after the 1985 earthquake , the residents began to request political and administrative autonomy in order to . 
771
However , a surprise and fiercely pressed counter attack from the monastery on Castle Hill by the German 1st Parachute Division completely disrupted any possibility of an assault on the monastery from the Castle and Hangman 's Hill whilst the tanks , lacking infantry support , were all knocked out by mid-afternoon . 
Much like other northern alliance leaders , Dostum also faced infighting within his group and was later forced tor retreat from power thanks to his General Abdul Malik Pahlawan . 
772
Throughout history , primitive peoples have made use of caves for shelter , burial , or as religious sites . 
The town grew further in the 17th century when the Dutch economy as a whole entered its age of prosperity , and several canals were built connecting it indirectly to Amsterdam . 
773
This final play has gone down in NFL history as simply '' The Tackle '' . 
In 1997 , the Edyth Bates Old Grand Organ and Recital Hall and the Center for Nanoscale Science and Technology , renamed in 2005 for the late Nobel Prize winner and Rice professor Richard E. Smalley , were dedicated at Rice . 
774
In 1958 , Pope Pius XII declared the Feast of the Holy Face of Jesus as Shrove Tuesday -LRB- the Tuesday before Ash Wednesday -RRB- for all Roman Catholics . 
-LRB- Note that both yaoi and , to a lesser extent , yuri are predominantly aimed at members of the opposite sex from the persons depicted . -RRB- 
775
In the Catholic Church -LRB- both the Western and Eastern Churches -RRB- the act of canonization is reserved to the Holy See and occurs at the conclusion of a long process requiring extensive proof that the person proposed for canonization lived and died in such an exemplary and holy way that he or she is worthy to be recognized as a saint . 
Topographical features and computer models indicate the existence of more glaciers in Mars ' past . 
776
Defeat at the front bred disorder at home . 
In this , she uses the Buddy Holly classic '' Not Fade Away '' to sell the cosmetics of her sponsor . 
777
Many of the German religious houses that lodged women had been home to communities of women , such as Beguines , that became Dominican once they were taught by the traveling preachers and put under the jurisdiction of the Dominican authoritative structure . 
Also , Kyle MacLachlan was reluctant to return as he wanted to avoid typecasting , so his presence in the film is smaller than originally planned . '' 
778
An extremely frugal and honest man , Francia left the state treasury with at least twice as much money in it as when he took office , including 36,500 pesos of his unspent salary , or at least several years ' salary . 
He further added , '' All who seek God with a sincere heart , including those who do not know Christ and his church , contribute under the influence of Grace to the building of this Kingdom . '' 
779
The first side of this album consisted of three disco songs -LRB- '' Honey Bee '' , '' Never Can Say Goodbye '' and '' Reach Out , I 'll Be There '' -RRB- , with no breaks in between the songs . 
Following a libel case brought in 1996 by Hendrix 's long-term English girlfriend Kathy Etchingham , Monika Dannemann committed suicide , though her later lover , Uli Jon Roth , has made accusations of foul play . 
780
Commercial fishing gear includes weights , nets -LRB- e.g. purse seine -RRB- , seine nets -LRB- e.g. beach seine -RRB- , trawls -LRB- e.g. bottom trawl -RRB- , dredges , hooks and line -LRB- e.g. long line and handline -RRB- , lift nets , gillnets , entangling nets and traps . 
These weight savings allowed them to escape danger or catch other ships . 
781
Crochet hooks used for Tunisian crochet are elongated and have a stopper at the end of the handle , while double-ended crochet hooks have a hook on both ends of the handle . 
For handguns and long guns , the projectile is a bullet , or in historical hand cannons , a shot . 
782
Modern jacquard looms are controlled by computers in place of the original punched cards , and can have thousands of hooks . 
These fins are not as active when the wakeboard is riding flat through the water , but the more you lean on edge the more the wakeboard hooks up . 
783
Johns Hopkins University and Johns Hopkins Hospital are now the city 's largest employers . 
Chinese aid remains high , and Chinese-Malian joint venture companies have become more numerous in the last 3 years , leading to the opening of a Chinese investment center . 
784
The operating room at the exposition 's emergency hospital did not have any electric lighting , even though the exteriors of many of the buildings at the extravagant exposition were covered with thousands of light bulbs . 
However , a few operators offer the same services via the cable television infrastructure or , in selected areas , via FTTH . 
785
His older brother , Tom , was already a physician and suggested to his younger sibling that he follow the same career , and so in 1901 , the younger Alexander enrolled at St Mary 's Hospital , Paddington , London . 
According to Professor John Makdisi , '' no other institution in any legal institution studied to date shares all of these characteristics with the English jury . '' 
786
The largest river systems -- from east to west '' Koshi '' , '' Narayani '' , '' Goghra '' and '' Mahakali '' -- originate in or beyond the high Himalaya and maintain substantial flows from glacial melt through the hot , droughty spring before the summer monsoon . 
The calorific value of ammonia is 22.5 MJ/kg -LRB- 9690 BTU/lb -RRB- which is about half that of diesel . 
787
On the registration , he listed his drivers license number as 3402142-D , and gave a New York hotel as his permanent residence . 
Chief Washakie established the reservation in 1868 as the result of negotiations with the federal government in the Fort Bridger Treaty . 
788
Thirst , hunger , feeling hot or cold -LRB- core temperature -RRB- , feeling sleep deprived , salt hunger and air hunger are all examples of homeostatic emotion ; each is a signal from a body system saying '' Things are n't right down here . 
Generally these messages will contain directions on how to obtain more information , via a web site , hot line , radio program , et cetera -LRB- as it is seen also for selling purposes among other goals -RRB- . 
789
Under the Koppen climate classification , Luanda features a hot semi-arid climate . 
It was claimed by security and witnesses that Fred Durst was urging the crowd on in a possibly violent manner , and that he failed to attempt to calm the crowd after the accident . 
790
Additionally , another large portion of the Duddestan Hundred later became known as Maelor Saesneg when it was transferred to Wales . 
Large deposits of sheet Mica were mined in New England from the 19th Century to the 1960s . 
791
At the end of the Hundred Years ' War in the 15th century , the village started to recover , with a population of only 100 inhabitants . 
The study says that losses were as high as 95 percent for giraffes , 80 percent for warthogs , 76 percent for hartebeest and 67 percent for impala . 
792
In the 1970s imaging techniques were developed to employ radioiodine in diagnostics for renal hypertension ; however methods using other chemical compounds , such as DMSA , are more popular in clinics nowadays . 
Arteries and veins are part of the human cardiovascular system . 
793
The ridges and valleys are formed because ice from an icefall is severely broken up , thereby increasing ablation surface area during the summertime . 
It resides primarily in shallow oceanic shelf habitat , spending a significant proportion of its life on sea ice in pursuit of its preferred diet of benthic bivalve mollusks . 
794
A 1998 study by historian C. Hamilton summarizes much of the scholarship on Shaka towrds the dawn of the 21st century in areas ranging from ideology , politics and culture , to the use of his name and image in a popular South African theme park , '' Shakaland . '' 
This appearance came as Tricky and Live 's lead singer Ed Kowalczyk had developed a close friendship , with Kowalczyk contributing vocals to ' Evolution Revolution Love ' , a track on Tricky 's album '' Blowback '' . 
795
The aim of image restoration is the removal of noise -LRB- sensor noise , motion blur , etc. -RRB- from images . 
The pixel colors can also be taken from a texture , e.g. a digital image -LRB- thus emulating rub-on screentones and the fabled '' checker paint '' which used to be available only in cartoons -RRB- . 
796
They are the appropriate linear-algebraic notion to deal with systems of linear equations ; offer a framework for Fourier expansion , which is employed in image compression routines ; or provide an environment that can be used for solution techniques for partial differential equations . 
A few months after moving in , however , Gladys suffered a mental breakdown , beginning a series of mental episodes that would plague her for the rest of her life . 
797
The distribution of some of the images has been mapped and shows a pattern of central concentration of an image along with a wide scatter indicating these images were most likely attached to specific tribes and were distributed from some central point of tribal concentration outward along lines of trade . 
A '' surface integral '' is a definite integral taken over a surface -LRB- which may be a curved set in space -RRB- ; it can be thought of as the double integral analog of the line integral . 
798
Ultrasound has been used by sonographers to image the human body for at least 50 years and has become one of the most widely used diagnostic tools in modern medicine . 
Intravascular ultrasound '' , also known as a percutaneous echocardiogram is an imaging methodology using specially designed , long , thin , complex manufactured catheters attached to computerized ultrasound equipment to visualize the lumen and the interior wall of blood vessels . 
799
For example , judges are usually appointed rather than elected to help protect their impartiality . 
Factors include gravitational effects due to the Sun , the obliquity -LRB- tilt -RRB- of the Earth 's equator and rotational axis , the inclination of the plane of the lunar orbit and the elliptical shape of the orbits of the Moon and the Earth . 
800
Attempts at impartiality in dispute . 
All have an interest in avoiding pain , for instance , but relatively few have an interest in cultivating their abilities . 
801
For instance , he tried to implement a form of religious communism , called the United Order , requiring Saints to consecrate all their property to the church . 
This usually involves spatial separation of PCR-setup areas from areas for analysis or purification of PCR products , use of disposable plasticware , and thoroughly cleaning the work surface between reaction setups . 
802
Of particular note is Denver 's importance in the folk scene of the 1960s and 1970s . 
Important developments on copyright at international level in the 1990s include the 1994 Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights , known as TRIPS Agreement . 
803
Russell recognized it as a work of supreme philosophical importance and worked with Wittgenstein to get it published after his release in 1919 . 
In the summer of 1973 there was another new thing , the goal seats , which meant the elimination of fourteen rows of standing terraces providing more comfort and an adjustment to the new times . 
804
While Nero had retained some control of the situation , support for Galba increased despite his being officially declared a public enemy . 
For example , the instruction '' ADD $ 0 , $ 1,3 '' , will add the contents of register 1 and the immediate value 3 and store the result in register 0 . 
805
The fighter had to carry four guns , or three with increased ammunition . 
Researchers found that such enhanced abilities could be acquired by training with action games , involving challenges that switch attention between different locations , but not with games requiring concentration on single objects . 
806
The overall tele-density has increased to 44.85 % in Oct 2009 . 
Many zoos now feature naturalistic exhibits and educational material for the public ; in the United States many participate in the Species Survival Plan -LRB- SSP -RRB- , developed by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums -LRB- AZA -RRB- , to maximize genetic diversity through captive breeding . 
807
Web crawlers are mainly used to create a copy of all the visited pages for later processing by a search engine that will index the downloaded pages to provide fast searches . 
Once the data list has been made into a heap , the root node is guaranteed to be the largest -LRB- or smallest -RRB- element . 
808
The disadvantage is that these indexes may need to be updated each time a node is added or removed -LRB- or at least , before that index is used again -RRB- . 
Examples of this extreme outcome can be seen on Madagascar 's central highland plateau , where about seven percent of the country 's total land mass has become barren , sterile land . 
809
The Gini index for the entire world has been estimated by various parties to be between 56 and 66 . 
Top Fuel races are now held over a distance for safety reasons ; the record under the new rules is also held by Tony Schumacher at 3.771 seconds , and the top speed record is held by Larry Dixon at . 
810
However , mostly since 2000 , due to the always increasing expenditures , several teams , including works teams from car makers and those teams with minimal support from the automotive industry , have gone bankrupt or been bought out by companies wanting to establish a team within the sport ; these buyouts are also influenced by Formula One limiting the number of participant teams . 
Although the federal government promotes private enterprise and ownership in the economy , the economic direction of the country is heavily influenced by the government though five years development plans since independence . 
811
The followers of Alexander Hamilton , the Hamiltonian faction , took up the name '' Federalist '' ; they favored a strong central government that would support the interests of commerce and industry . 
Growth was negative in 2000 because of the difficulty of meeting the conditions of international donors , continued low prices of key exports , and post-coup instability . 
812
In information theory , two symbols are necessary and sufficient for an alphabet to be able to encode information , therefore the default is to let '' b '' = 2 -LRB- '' binary entropy '' -RRB- . 
states that '' ... it -LRB- the Qur ' an -RRB- is a confirmation of -LRB- revelations -RRB- that went before it , and a fuller explanation of the Book - wherein there is no doubt - from The Lord of the Worlds . '' 
813
Watson , Francis Crick , and Maurice Wilkins were awarded the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine '' for their discoveries concerning the molecular structure of nucleic acids and its significance for information transfer in living material '' . 
2008 GDP annual growth datum is from Banco Central de Honduras , retrieved July 2009 . 
814
This article provides an overview of the transport infrastructure of Lithuania . 
Greece and Turkey joined the alliance the same year , forcing a series of controversial negotiations , in which the United States and Britain were the primary disputants , over how to bring the two countries into the military command structure . 
815
Initial meetings that grew out of Roh 's proposals started in September 1989 . 
The first was in episode 107 , in a sketch titled '' Wu-Tang Financial , '' in which The RZA and GZA run an investment firm , lampooning the over-saturation of hip-hop endorsed brands -LRB- which Wu-Tang were guilty of at one point -RRB- . 
816
Initial rotation and Initial hold are features that make the game accept rotation/hold button inputs while the next piece is still in the preview area . 
On June 6 , 2009 , Google honored Tetris ' 25-year anniversary by changing its logotype to a version drawn with Tetris blocks - the '' l '' letter being the long Tetris block lowering into its place . 
817
In Alderney , the occupying Germans built four concentration camps in which over 700 people died -LRB- out of a total inmate population of about 6,000 -RRB- . 
In 1994 , under pressure from Damascus , the Lebanese government controversially granted citizenship to over 200,000 Syrians resident in the country . 
818
Patient who have autonomic instability such as low blood pressure require treatment with direct-acting sympathomimetics such as epinephrine , norepinephrine , or phenylephrine . 
Beethoven was often irascible and may have suffered from bipolar disorder and irritability brought on by chronic abdominal pain -LRB- beginning in his twenties -RRB- that has been attributed to possible lead poisoning . 
819
The Cypriot National Guard is the main military institution of the Republic of Cyprus . 
Much major Roman Catholic missionary activity was conducted through the Vicariate Apostolic of Fiji , which has since been renamed the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Suva , which spans the whole of Fiji . 
820
-LRB- referenced by HL -RRB- , was lifted out from within the instruction mnemonic to become a syntactically freestanding '' operand '' , while registers and combinations of registers became very inconsistently denoted ; either by abbreviated operands -LRB- MVI D , LXI H etc -RRB- , within the instruction mnemonic itself -LRB- LDA , LHLD etc -RRB- , or both at the same time -LRB- LDAX B , STAX D etc -RRB- . '' 
There was also a risk that a character suffered possible injury -LRB- or even death -RRB- during the course of their career . 
821
The PDP-11 processor architecture had a mostly orthogonal instruction set . 
DNA is often compared to a set of blueprints or a recipe , or a code , since it contains the instructions needed to construct other components of cells , such as proteins and RNA molecules . 
822
ART includes captive insurances , Finite Risk insurance and insurance securitisation such as Cat bonds . 
Car ownership fees and fuel levies are used to promote energy-efficiency . 
823
The other suits sought court determinations that insurance companies and individual lawyers failed to defend Rosenthal properly before Olson and in appellate stages . 
Jean-Jacques Rousseau , for example , argued that the only valid social contract would be one were individuals would be subject to laws that only themselves had made and assented to , as in a small direct democracy . 
824
Owing to a decline in population and lack of interest in the mail contract , the GPO ended its presence at the end of 1927 . 
Many , like Peter Kropotkin , also believe that human evolutionary tendency is for humans to cooperate with each other for mutual benefit and survival instead of existing as lone competitors . 
825
Saul Cornell has claimed that for almost a century after the ratification of the Bill of Rights , the intended meaning and application of the Second Amendment drew less interest than in modern times . 
Whistler produced , including a body of work relating to Venice , and this probably contributed to the growing enthusiasm for the medium . 
826
Structure of the Holliday junction intermediate in genetic recombination . 
Ergotamine tartrate , a precursor to lysergic acid , is regulated under the Chemical Diversion and Trafficking Act . 
827
Some species , such as walnut and cherry , are on the border between the two classes , forming an intermediate group . 
At the 1992 Sunstone Symposium , dissident Mormon scholar Lavina Fielding Anderson accused the Committee of being '' an internal espionage system , '' which prompted BYU professor and moderate Mormon scholar Eugene England to '' accuse that committee of undermining the Church , '' a charge for which he later publicly apologized -LRB- Letter to the Editor , '' Sunstone '' , March 1993 -RRB- . 
828
In 1981 , the Internet addressing specification was revised with the introduction of classful network architecture . 
Twin Peaks pilot episode was first broadcast on April 8 , 1990 on the ABC Network , which led to another seven episodes being produced , and a second season , which aired until June 10 , 1991 . 
829
Herbert later related in an interview with Willis E. McNeilly that the novel originated when he was supposed to do a magazine article on sand dunes in the Oregon Dunes near Florence , Oregon , but he became too involved in it and ended up with far more raw material than needed for a single . 
Early '' cord '' switchboards were often referred to as '' cordboards '' by telephone company personnel . 
830
J. A. Witkowski has argued that , while '' immortal '' strains of visibly mutated cells have been obtained by other experimenters , a more likely explanation is deliberate introduction of new cells into the culture , possibly without Carrel 's knowledge . 
Introduction of the telephone . 
831
With the introduction of Mac OS X , AppleTalk was largely displaced . 
Despite the more favourable critical response , '' Cradle of Life '' suffered a disappointing opening weekend , as it debuted in fourth place with a take of $ 21.7 million , a 55 % drop from the original 's opening gross of $ 47.7 million . 
832
The latter is now the most common form of film -LRB- non-digital -RRB- color photography owing to the introduction of automated photoprinting equipment . 
The Gentleman Usher then knocks on the door three times with his Black Rod , and only then is granted admittance . 
833
In 1892 , the British Medical Association -LRB- BMA -RRB- commissioned a team of doctors to undertake an extensive evaluation of the nature and effects of hypnotherapy , they reported , The Committee , having completed such investigation of hypnotism as time permitted , have to report that they have satisfied themselves of the genuineness of the hypnotic state . 
The CIIR report refers to estimates made by the NGO Americas Watch which count the number of non-battle related deaths and disappearances for which the government was responsible up to the year 1986 as '' close to 300 '' . 
834
Consequently , the Federal Bureau of Investigation -LRB- FBI -RRB- initiated a parallel criminal investigation . 
The World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- coordinated the global effort to eradicate this disease . 
835
These witness accounts were a major reason for the initiation and duration of the FBI 's criminal investigation . 
However fish butchery may be done on board a fishing vessel and quick-frozen for preservation of quality . 
836
If the illiquid assets subsequently turned out to be worth less than expected , the remaining investors would bear the full loss while the redeemed investor would have borne none . 
The city was one of the major centres of the Enlightenment , led by the University of Edinburgh , earning it the nickname '' Athens of the North '' . 
837
Each heme group contains one iron atom , that can bind one oxygen molecule through ion-induced dipole forces . 
His team in England bombarded nitrogen with naturally occurring alpha particles from radioactive material and observed a proton emitted with energy higher than the alpha particle . 
838
-LRB- By the way of comparison , the Concorde 's first flight was originally scheduled for February 1968 , but was pushed back several times until March 1969 in order to iron out problems and test components better . -RRB- 
Early iron swords were not comparable to later steel blades . 
839
This stems from the fact that Japan itself is rather poor in natural resources found commonly in Europe , especially iron . 
Over the course of the Phanerozoic , individual taxa appear to be less likely to become extinct at any time , which may reflect more robust food webs as well as less extinction-prone species and other factors such as continental distribution . 
840
This isolation deepened finally into despair and led to his decision to continue his Harvard studies abroad . 
Antisemitism , pogroms and alienation from national movements led many Jews to consider the possibility of re-establishing themselves as an independent nation . 
841
Quarantine is voluntary or compulsory isolation , typically to contain the spread of something considered dangerous , often but not always disease . 
Prime numbers are used as a metaphor for loneliness and isolation in the Paolo Giordano novel '' The Solitude of Prime Numbers '' , in which they are portrayed as '' outsiders '' among integers . 
842
He was known to personally issue refunds to anyone who wrote to the magazine with a complaint . 
He moved to Detroit to edit and write for '' Creem '' . 
843
Labeled '' They Might Be Giants vs. McSweeney 's '' , the disk appears in issue # 6 of '' Timothy McSweeney 's Quarterly Concern '' . 
He praises the additions to the book 's 1996 edition , writing that they '' strengthen the claim of this book to be ' a major contribution toward deflating pseudobiological '' explanations '' of our present social woes . ' '' 
844
National Geographic Magazine introduced the American cultured pearl as a commercial product in their August 1985 issue . 
He noted that he would continue to use his veto power against ill-drafted bills and his power to issue decrees on issues he deemed important , and that such decrees would remain in force until suitable laws were passed . 
845
In further response to this issue , rock critic Jim DeRogatis , a former '' Rolling Stone '' editor , published a thorough critique of the magazine 's lists in a book called '' Kill Your Idols : A New Generation of Rock Writers Reconsiders the Classics '' -LRB- ISBN 1-56980-276-9 -RRB- , which featured . 
Method overriding is where a subclass replaces the implementation of one or more of its parent 's methods . 
846
Hong Kong and Macau , local entities of the People 's Republic of China , are each empowered by the Central People 's Government under their respective Basic Laws to issue passports . 
The US Department criticized Israel for refusing to quickly unblock the funds . 
847
Among Baku 's prominent annual fairs and festivals is Baku International Jazz Festival , which includes world 's biggest jazz names . 
Hang Cool , Teddy Bear . 
848
This is not jazz . 
The skin of the females neck and thighs is pinkish gray , while the male 's is blue or gray dependent on subspecies . 
849
Musicians such as Pharoah Sanders , Hubert Laws and Wayne Shorter began using African instruments such as kalimbas , cowbells , beaded gourds and other instruments not traditional to jazz . 
The two also sometimes play a pair of unconvincing transvestites as a parody of some cross-dressers who try to act in a stereotypically feminine way while not succeeding in '' passing '' as women . 
850
Below is the list of the ten bhumis and their descriptions from '' The Jewel Ornament of Liberation , '' a treatise by Gampopa -LRB- an influential teacher of the Tibetan Kagyu school -RRB- and the Avatamsaka Sutra . 
Acts '' tells of a person named '' Simon Magus '' practicing magic in the city of Sebaste in Samaria , being -LRB- supposedly -RRB- converted to Christianity by Philip the Evangelist , but then trying to offer money to the Apostles in exchange for miraculous abilities , specifically the power of laying on of . 
851
The '' Broadway Journal '' failed in 1846 . 
Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League , the Los Angeles Clippers and Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association , the Los Angeles D-Fenders , an NBA Development team owned by the Los Angeles Lakers , and the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women 's National Basketball Association . 
852
They planned the journal as early as October 1839 , but work did not begin until the first week of 1840 . 
Ellison has provided vocal narration to numerous audiobooks , both of his own writing and others . 
853
Angioy moved from Cagliari to Sassari , and during his journey almost all the villages joined the uprising , demanding an end to feudalism and for the independence of Sardinia 's people . 
Musharraf escaped with only a cracked windscreen on his car . 
854
Pilgrims would frequently journey to cathedrals that preserved relics of saints . 
When taken in reference to ship hull plating , the term '' Hull Shock Factor '' -LRB- HSF -RRB- is used , while keel damage is termed '' Keel Shock Factor '' -LRB- KSF -RRB- . 
855
In the 19th century , under the influence of Ralph Waldo Emerson -LRB- who had been a Unitarian minister -RRB- and other transcendentalists , Unitarianism began its long journey from liberal Protestantism to its present more pluralist form . 
This was the voyage which founded the Jamestown Settlement , the first permanent English settlement in the New World . 
856
A number of limits are placed on the simulation to keep within the more restrictive system requirements on a video game console . 
Some historians have argued that Stalin was also planning to send millions of Jews to four large newly built labor camps in Western Russia using a '' Deportation Commission '' that would purportedly act to save Soviet Jews from an engraged Soviet population after the Doctors Plot trials . 
857
After World War II , the fear that reactor research would encourage the rapid spread of nuclear weapons and technology , combined with what many scientists thought would be a long road of development , created a situation in which the government attempted to keep reactor research under strict government control and classification . 
Nevertheless , benzodiazepines continue to be prescribed for the long-term treatment of anxiety disorders , although specific antidepressants and psychological therapies are recommended as the first line treatment options with the anticonvulsant drug pregabalin indicated as a second or third line treatment suitable for long term use . 
858
After the evacuation of its forces from Bornholm , the Soviets took the position that '' The stationing ' foreign troops ' on Bornholm would be considered a declaration of war against the Soviet Union , and that Denmark should keep troops on it at all times to protect it from such foreign aggression '' . 
To improve dream recall , some people keep a dream journal , writing down any dreams remembered the moment one awakes . 
859
The keep had a vaulted basement , at least three upper stories , and served as a residence for the lord of the castle throughout the castle 's history . 
The Khmer Rouge established a new stronghold area in the west near the Thai border and Pol Pot relocated back into Cambodia from Thailand . 
860
Additionally , the keyboard and high score cartridge were canceled , the expansion port was removed from later production runs of the system and , in lieu of new titles , the system was launched with titles intended for the 7800 's debut in 1984 . 
A dual joystick holder was designed for games like '' Robotron 2084 '' and future games like '' Battlezone '' and others , but not produced . 
861
This plethora of keystroke possibilities , combined with the developers ' wish to keep the user interface free of '' clutter '' such as on-screen menus , made it necessary for most users to use a keyboard template showing each function . 
Asimov wrote 400 books , but he did n't have to contend with writing his own Web backend to index , typeset , and publish 'em . 
862
South of the campus , Aggieville dates back to 1889 and is the state 's oldest shopping district of its kind . 
In late 2006 , Crow was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for the song '' Try Not To Remember '' -LRB- Best Original Song category -RRB- from the film '' Home of the Brave '' . 
863
Morrison explains his intentions for the new characterization of Batman : '' Dick Grayson is kind of this consummate superhero . 
McCarthy characterized Truman and the Democratic Party as soft on , or even in league with , Communists , and spoke of the Democrats ' '' twenty years of treason '' . 
864
Stafford has also explored the Gloranthan setting in the fantasy novel '' King of Sartar '' and a number of extended essays known collectively as '' the Stafford Library '' . 
Brassicaceae or Cruciferae , also known as the crucifers , the mustard family or cabbage family is a family of flowering plants -LRB- Angiospermae -RRB- . 
865
Having concluded that King was dangerous due to communist infiltration , the focus of the Bureau 's investigations shifted to attempting to discredit King through revelations regarding his private life . 
or perhaps seeking to leave it behind -RRB- Holmes retired to the Sussex Downs to take up beekeeping -LRB- '' The Second Stain '' -RRB- , and wrote a book on the subject , entitled '' Practical Handbook of Bee Culture , with Some Observations upon the Segregation of the Queen '' . 
866
This injunction temporarily halted civil rights activity until King defied it by speaking at Brown Chapel on January 2 1965 . 
In 1932 , Masefield was commissioned to write a poem to be set to music by the Master of the King 's Musick , Sir Edward Elgar and performed by choir and orchestra at the unveiling of the Queen Alexandra Memorial by the King on 8 June 1932 : this was the ode '' So many true Princesses who have gone '' . 
867
His son Conradin immediately had to defend Sicily against an invasion by Charles of Anjou a brother of the French king . 
Martin would impose a '' strong defense first '' philosophy that led to the team qualifying for the playoffs every season that he coached , but he was criticized for the team 's lack of success in the playoffs , notably losing four straight series against the provincial rival Toronto Maple Leafs . 
868
In the laboratory , nickel is frequently used as a catalyst for hydrogenation , sometimes Raney nickel , a finely divided form of the metal alloyed with aluminium which adsorbs hydrogen gas . 
as well as the Trans-Caspian region . 
869
The U.S. objects to this manner of donating food due to lack of supervision . 
Both governments exclude some people born in Northern Ireland -LRB- e.g. certain persons born in Northern Ireland neither of whose parents is a UK or Irish national -RRB- . 
870
He came down to the studio on the '' Mississippi Lad '' album , that 's the first one I did for PolyGram , and he sang two of my songs , would n't accept any money , just trying to give me the best boost that he could . 
His exploits had been gradually pushed backwards in time until already they extended into the fabulous world of the forties and the thirties , when the capitalists in their strange cylindrical hats still rode through the streets of London ... '' In the year 1984 , Big Brother -LRB- as seen on posters and on the telescreen -RRB- appears as a man of about 45 . 
871
He came down to the studio on the '' Mississippi Lad '' album , that 's the first one I did for PolyGram , and he sang two of my songs , would n't accept any money , just trying to give me the best boost that he could . 
In 1919 in '' A Child is Being Beaten '' he began to address the problems of self-destructive behavior -LRB- moral masochism -RRB- and frank sexual masochism . 
872
The island 's lush landscape has had a strong bearing on its economy and its culture . 
These unconscious reactions may even be partly constitutive of what makes our judgment a judgment that the landscape is sublime . 
873
There were also figures such as early Tang-era painter Zhan Ziqian , who painted superb landscape paintings that were well ahead of his day in portrayal of realism . 
En plein air '' -LRB- -RRB- is a French expression which means '' in the open air '' , and is particularly used to describe the act of painting outdoors . 
874
Some of the recent building development on the island -LRB- over the last 30 years or so -RRB- has been contentious and in many cases is not as sympathetic to the landscape as the earlier style of whitewashed raised gable cottages . 
Involvement ranges from possession of a train set to spending hours and large sums on a large and exacting model of a railroad and the scenery through which it passes , called a '' layout '' . 
875
First , since the style of a single alphabet in each given language has evolved constantly , it is necessary to know how to decipher its individual characters as they existed in various eras . 
He considered the West Midlands dialect of Middle English to be his own '' native language '' , and , as he wrote to W. H. Auden in 1955 , '' I am a West-midlander by blood -LRB- and took to early west-midland Middle English as a known tongue as soon as I set eyes on it -RRB- . '' 
876
The earliest records of the language spoken by Volga Bulgars , the parent to today 's Chuvash language , are dated to 13th - 14th centuries . 
Meanwhile , Macbeth delivers a soliloquy -LRB- '' Tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow '' -RRB- upon his learning of Lady Macbeth 's death -LRB- the cause is undisclosed , and it is assumed by some that she committed suicide , as Malcolm 's final reference to her reveals '' ' tis thought , . 
877
The Last Will is a brief document in which Stone and five others announced their withdrawal from Presbyterianism and their intention to be solely part of the body of Christ . 
Nobunaga was able to defeat Yoshiaki 's weak forces and send him into exile , bringing the Ashikaga shogunate to an end in the same year . 
878
In 2008 , '' Entertainment Weekly '' placed it at number 13 on its list of the best 50 novels printed in the last 25 years , describing it as '' The greatest superhero story ever told and proof that comics are capable of smart , emotionally resonant narratives worthy of the label '' literature '' . '' 
Bowie also played a sympathetic Pontius Pilate in Martin Scorsese 's '' The Last Temptation of Christ '' -LRB- 1988 -RRB- . 
879
On its second week , the album was displaced for two weeks by Silkk The Shocker and Foxy Brown selling more than 181,594 units during the last sales period , pushing it past the 500,000 mark in a mere four weeks , according to Nielsen SoundScan sales data . 
The high tech sector in the Colorado Springs area has decreased its overall presence over the past six years -LRB- from around 21,000 down to around 8,000 -RRB- , with notable reductions in information technology and complex electronic equipment . 
880
These incubation shifts can last days and even weeks as one member of the pair feeds at sea . 
However , immigration of Germanic Batavians from Hessen in the northern extent of this same tribal region is , archeologically speaking , hardly noticeable and certainly did not populate an exterminated country , very unlike Tacitus suggested . 
881
In '' Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade '' , it is revealed that Indy has always had a very strained relationship with his father , who is a professor of medieval literature , as his father always seemed more interested in his work , specifically in his studies of the Holy Grail , than in . 
Under Defence regulations they hold the substantive rank of WOFF and have no power of command over other WOFFs . 
882
The entire synaptic transmission process takes only a fraction of a millisecond , although the effects on the postsynaptic cell may last much longer -LRB- even indefinitely , in cases where the synaptic signal leads to the formation of a memory trace -RRB- . 
Most large marine diesels -LRB- often called '' cathedral engines '' due to their size -RRB- run on heavy fuel oil -LRB- sometimes called '' bunker oil '' -RRB- , which is a thick , viscous and almost flameproof fuel which is very safe to store and cheap to buy in bulk as it is a waste product from the petroleum refining industry . 
883
In his discussion of the 13 principles of faith , the first five deal with knowledge of God , the next four deal with prophecy and the Torah , while the last four deal with reward , punishment and the ultimate redemption . 
Bin Laden is advised by a Shura Council , which consists of senior al-Qaeda members , estimated by Western officials at about twenty to thirty people . 
884
In an effort to encourage institutions to take steps that would reduce money laundering , the Treasury was given authority to block mergers of bank holding companies and banks with other banks and bank holding companies that had a bad history of preventing money laundering . 
When the band went to New York to perform the numbers on '' The Ed Sullivan Show '' , they were ordered to change the lyrics of the refrain to '' let 's spend some time together '' . 
885
Courts involve money laundering committed by private individuals , drug dealers , businesses , corrupt officials , members of criminal organizations such as the Mafia , and even states . 
French aircraft designer Raymond Saulnier patented a practical device in April 1914 , but trials were unsuccessful because of the propensity of the machine gun employed to hang fire due to unreliable ammunition . 
886
Clothing starch or laundry starch is a liquid that is prepared by mixing a vegetable starch in water -LRB- earlier preparations also had to be boiled -RRB- , and is used in the laundering of clothes . 
Afterwards the monks would retire for a few hours of sleep and then rise at 6am to wash and attend the office of '' Prime '' . 
887
From 1958 to 1962 , Sharon served as commander of an infantry brigade and studied law at Tel Aviv University . 
The scripts and every single joke were translated . 
888
A Guide to Military Criminal Law '' notes that under the Alford plea , '' the defendant concedes that the prosecution has enough evidence to convict , but the defendant still refuses to admit guilt . '' 
Another source of tension between early Christians and Jews was the question of observance of Mosaic Law . 
889
The lawyer if called upon would be able to present independent and more detailed evidence to prove the facts set forth in his affidavit . 
Despite the conceptual distinction between '' barrister '' and '' solicitor '' , Canadian court documents would contain a phrase such as '' John Smith , '' solicitor '' for the Plaintiff '' even though '' John Smith '' may well himself be the barrister who argues the case in court . 
890
His sister , Mary Granberry Allen , married Pleasant Thurman , and their son , Allen G. Thurman , followed in his uncle 's footsteps , becoming a lawyer and politician . 
Indeed , hardly any of Harry 's work is supported by contemporary evidence including names from land charters , the Ragman Roll , and religious and public office holders and their archives . 
891
This suggested that behind the very complicated calculations lay a consistent scheme . 
A year later , on November 8 , 1990 , the FBI raided the New Jersey home of Mohammed 's associate El Sayyid Nosair , discovering a great deal of evidence of terrorist plots , including plans to blow up New York City skyscrapers . 
892
On May 20 , 2008 Scarlett Johansson debuted her first album entitled '' Anywhere I Lay My Head '' which contains ten Tom Waits cover songs . 
At the tour concert at Continental Airlines Arena in East Rutherford , NJ , they performed '' Leaves That Are Green '' in place of '' Song for the Asking '' , which had been on their set list for the other concerts on this tour , following an announcement that they had not played it in concert since 1967 . 
893
In addition , he is a member of other professional and learned societies in the United States and abroad , and is a recipient of the Distinguished Scientific Contribution Award of the American Psychological Association , the Kyoto Prize in Basic Sciences , the Helmholtz Medal , the Dorothy Eldridge Peacemaker Award , the Ben Franklin Medal in Computer and Cognitive . 
If children can discover pleasure in intellectual stimulation , being productive , seeking success , they will develop a sense of competence . 
894
number is first that noble Gentleman Edward Earle of Oxford , Thomas Lord of Bukhurst , when he was young , Henry Lord Paget , Sir Philip Sydney , Sir Walter Rawleigh Master Edward Dyar , Maister Fulke Grevell , Gascon , Britton , Turberuille and a great many other learned Gentlemen , whose names I do not omit for envie , but to avoyde tediousneffe , and who have deserved no little commendation . 
Economically , African Americans have benefited from the advances made during the Civil Rights era , particularly among the educated , but not without the lingering effects of historical marginalization when considered as a whole . 
895
Alciato credits the most saintly and learned Ambrose for his account . 
He was very generous to us in our early years and we learned a lot from him . '' 
896
In Germany , a great and famous Earl I ever saw : from head to foot in form Rare and most absolute ; he had a face He was besides of spirit passing great Spoke and writ sweetly , or of learned subjects , Oxford 's lyric poetry . 
Commensurate with this growth in scholarly interest , various presses began the task of reissuing long-out-of-print texts . 
897
An example of legacy left in the Mideast from these nobles is the Krak des Chevaliers ' enlargement by the Counts of Tripoli and Toulouse . 
Aquinas , like Augustine , asserted the need to hold the truth of Scripture without wavering while cautioning '' that since Holy Scripture can be explained in a multiplicity of senses , one should not adhere to a particular explanation , only in such measure as to be ready to abandon it if it be proved with certainty to be false ; lest holy Scripture be exposed to the ridicule of unbelievers , and obstacles be placed to their believing . '' 
898
The second work , by Jonaraja , continues the history from where Kalhana left off , and , entering the Muslim period , gives an account of the reigns down to that of Zain-ul-ab-ad-din , 1412 . 
Mom and dad are marching too ; children , step in line . '' 
899
Bastiat 's '' rule '' was later expounded and developed by Henry Hazlitt in his work '' Economics in One Lesson , '' in which Hazlitt borrowed Bastiat 's trenchant '' Broken Window Fallacy '' and went on to demonstrate how it applies to a wide variety of economic falsehoods . 
For instance , it may be considered that an ethical admonition to '' love thy neighbour '' is not just in contrast with , but in contradiction to armed neighbors actively intending murder . 
900
Music lesson . 
Bulgaria performs well in sports such as volleyball , wrestling , weight-lifting , shooting sports , gymnastics , chess , and recently , sumo wrestling and tennis . 
901
The popularity of this machine led to the increasing predominance of electronic games , and the side lever soon became vestigial . 
The planing machine , the slotting machine and the shaping machine were developed in the first decades of the 19th century . 
902
This created great complications for C compiler implementors who introduced odd pointer modes such as '' near '' , '' far '' and '' huge '' to lever the implicit nature of segmented architecture to different degrees , with some pointers containing 16-bit offsets within implied segments and other pointers containing segment addresses and offsets within segments . 
For example , the player carries out a wide range of activities , including stealing a tank commander 's head to open a door , or calling down an air-strike on a bunker . 
903
The foremost example of crusader art are perhaps the Melisende Psalter , an illuminated manuscript commissioned between 1135 and 1143 and now located in the British Library , and the sculpted Nazareth Capitals . 
The collection also contains '' La Bavara '' for four trombones . 
904
Library of Congress -LRB- United States -RRB- , '' Country Study : Nicaragua '' , 1993 . 
He named the house Owl Farm and often described it as his '' fortified compound . '' 
905
ISDN continues to be an important backup network for point-to-point leased line customers such as banks , Eseva Centers , Life Insurance Corporation of India , and SBI ATMs . 
political repression as a protest theme with '' Mother Russia '' being based on '' One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich '' and being joined on the second side of their 1974 album '' Turn of the Cards '' by two other protest songs in '' Cold Is Being '' -LRB- about ecological destruction -RRB- and '' Black Flame '' -LRB- about the Vietnam War -RRB- . 
906
Having converted to Roman Catholicism early in life and returned to the austere Calvinism of his native Geneva as part of his period of moral reform , Rousseau maintained a profession of that religious philosophy and of Jean Calvin as a modern lawgiver throughout the remainder of his life . 
This is truly a new experience for Fleetwood Mac to go out and play songs that we believe and hope people are going to be familiar with and love . '' 
907
Late life . 
In the Quran , there is a request to wonder on milk as follows : ' And surely in the livestock there is a lesson for you , We give you to drink of that which is in their bellies from the midst of digested food and blood , pure milk palatable for the drinkers . ' 
908
David Beatty spent much of his life -LRB- when not at sea -RRB- in Leicestershire , and lived at Brooksby Hall and Dingley Hall . 
Hunky Dorys '' Life on Mars ? '' 
909
The British government drew-up laws regimenting the abolition of slavery , but they also included instructions for the improvement of the slaves ' way of life . 
Hindu texts used the term '' shunya '' -LRB- zero -RRB- to indicate the empty column on the abacus . 
910
One of the British requirements was that the F-35B design should have a Ship-borne Rolling and Vertical Landing -LRB- SRVL -RRB- mode so that wing lift could be added to powered lift to increase the maximum landing weight of carried weapons . 
Rome also exhibited an impressive ability to draft army after army of conscripts after each crushing defeat by Hannibal , allowing them to recover from the defeats at Cannae and elsewhere and keep Hannibal cut off from aid . 
911
Many other alternative explanations for the generation of lift by an airfoil have been put forward , of which a few are presented here . 
A practical consequence of redundancy is that some errors in the genetic code only cause a silent mutation or an error that would not affect the protein because the hydrophilicity or hydrophobicity is maintained by equivalent substitution of amino acids ; for example , a codon of NUN -LRB- where N = . 
912
In his first Parliament , which he opened in May , many members were opposed to his marriage to Henrietta Maria , a Roman Catholic , fearing that Charles would lift restrictions on Roman Catholics and undermine the official establishment of Protestantism . 
Consuming relatively large amounts of dark chocolate and cocoa does not seem to raise serum LDL cholesterol levels ; some studies even find that it could lower them . 
913
Doherty designs , which use a second transistor , can lift efficiency from the typical 15 % up to 30-35 % in a narrow bandwidth . 
This theory was essential in enabling telecommunications to move from analog to digital transmissions systems in the 1960s and later . 
914
Heavier isotopes of neptunium decay quickly , and lighter isotopes of neptunium can not be produced by neutron capture , so chemical separation of neptunium from cooled spent nuclear fuel gives nearly pure 237Np . 
After the hydrogen fuel at the core has been consumed , the star evolves away from the main sequence on the HR diagram . 
915
Because most hydrocarbons are lighter than rock or water , they often migrate upward through adjacent rock layers until either reaching the surface or becoming trapped within porous rocks -LRB- known as reservoirs -RRB- by impermeable rocks above . 
Tropical woods are often quite heavy , a feature often desirable in a bokken despite the brittleness of these heavy and hard woods . 
916
A multicolor coat characteristically lacks any clear pattern other than it tends to be lighter on the animal 's underside . 
The frame is almost always made of steel , but can be made -LRB- whole or in part -RRB- of aluminium for a lighter weight . 
917
As Clark , he drops his head , lowers his shoulders , bends his back forward a little bit and talks in a lighter tone , while as Superman , he stands straight and talks in a deeper tone . 
In standard adult matches , a player who has been substituted may not take further part in a match . 
918
Ideal conditions include a light to moderate '' offshore '' wind , because it blows into the front of the wave , making it a '' barrel '' or '' tube '' wave . 
The Special Edition also featured a silver-accented shift knob , dark-silver finished instrument panel with chrome accents , special alloy wheels , stainless steel MX-5 scuff plate , and chrome front headlight bezel , as well as grille and fog lamp surrounds . 
919
Multiple light sources can wash out any wrinkles in a person 's face , for instance , and give a more youthful appearance . 
As part of their light show in the 1960s , Pink Floyd used a light which they dubbed the '' Dalek '' , due to its erratic behaviour and tendency to break down . 
920
Multiple light sources can wash out any wrinkles in a person 's face , for instance , and give a more youthful appearance . 
The president declared this to be a '' lighten the top and keep the bottom '' strategy . 
921
The United States ' XM360 , which is planned to equip the Future Combat Systems Mounted Combat System light tank and may be the M1 Abrams ' next gun upgrade , is reportedly based on the XM291 and may include ETC technology , or portions of ETC technology . 
Armoured bulkheads , engine noise , intervening terrain , dust and smoke , and the need to operate '' buttoned up '' are severe detriments to communication and lead to a sense of isolation for small tank units , individual vehicles , and tank crewmen . 
922
Supposedly , Stuyvesant was given the nickname '' Old Silver Leg '' because he used a stick of wood driven full of silver bands as a prosthetic limb . 
The Biodiversity Conservation Branch at the Department of Primary Industries and Water are collaborating with NRM north and University of Tasmania researchers to determine the impacts of the disease on Tasmanian Platypuses , as well as the mechanism of transmission and current spread of the disease . 
923
He is known for extensive , intricate drum solos containing odd time signatures , complex arrangements -LRB- sometimes total separation between upper and lower limb patterns : e.g. an ostinato dubbed '' The Waltz '' -RRB- , and exotic percussion instruments . 
During World War II and for many years afterward , Capp worked tirelessly going to hospitals to entertain patients , especially to cheer recent amputees and explain to them that the loss of a limb did not mean an end to a happy and productive life . 
924
After serving with the Coast Guard , he took his newly formed act to Monday nights at The Troubadour in Los Angeles , where musicians would line up all day for the opportunity to perform on stage that night . 
Some Christians also display a small re-creation of the Nativity , known as a Nativity scene or crib , in their homes , using figurines to portray the key characters of the event . 
925
The Germans ' plan was to use Vice-Admiral Franz Hipper 's fast scouting group of five modern battlecruisers to lure Vice-Admiral Sir David Beatty 's battlecruiser squadrons through a submarine picket line and into the path of the main German fleet . 
The City of London is home to the Bank of England , London Stock Exchange , and Lloyds of London insurance market . 
926
Some doctrines train a sniper to breathe deeply before shooting , then hold their lungs empty while they line up and take their shot . 
For three-dimensional systems , mathematicians usually draw the '' z '' axis as vertical and pointing up , so that the '' x '' and '' y '' axes lie on an horizontal plane . 
927
Fiske determined that the notional torpedo bomber should descend rapidly in a sharp spiral to evade enemy guns , then when about above the water the aircraft would straighten its flight long enough to line up with the torpedo 's intended path . 
Egypt had by far the largest and the most modern of all the Arab air forces , consisting of about 450 combat aircraft , all of them Soviet-built and with a heavy quota of top-of-the line MiG-21 capable of attaining Mach 2 speed . 
928
The Basenji has the unique properties of not barking -LRB- it makes a low , liquid ululation instead -RRB- and cleaning itself like a cat . 
The T-1000 -LRB- which is said to be made completely of a liquid metal -RRB- of ' is definitely an android . 
929
Thus , the molecules are free to flow and their center of mass positions are randomly distributed as in a liquid , but still maintain their long-range directional order . 
Critical reception of the film was mixed ; many praised it for its daring subject matter , while others were surprised by the lack of intimacy between Lolita and Humbert . 
930
The design of the liquid distributors used to introduce the feed and reflux to a packed bed is critical to making the packing perform to it maximum efficiency . 
The medium culture method has a solid medium for the roots and is named for the type of medium , e.g. sand culture , gravel culture or rockwool culture . 
931
In cold climates like Wisconsin , Massachusetts , and eastern Canada , the winter flood typically freezes into ice , while in warmer climates the water remains liquid . 
Posters may be observed on the Underground network advising passengers to carry a bottle of water to help keep cool . 
932
see the List of Ministers-President of Saxony for a full listing '' . 
Benzene belongs to this category : the amount of benzene in soft drinks is small enough that it is unlikely to pose a health risk . 
933
Below is a partial listing of European , United Kingdom , Canadian and USA governmental laws and regulations that have , or will have , a significant effect on data processing and information security . 
This article has been used in political trials of suspected members of the banned organization Hizb-ut-Tahrir . 
934
He wrote letters to his friends listing all the things he disliked : the masters -LRB- '' mad with Pride '' -RRB- and the Fellows -LRB- '' sleepy , drunken , dull , illiterate Things . '' -RRB- 
As such , it is illegal to post it , make it available to others , download it or use it . '' 
935
Jon Postel recounted the meeting in RFC 808 , '' Summary of Computer Mail Services Meeting Held at BBN on 10 January 1979 '' -LRB- March 1 , 1982 -RRB- , which includes an appendix listing the varying e-mail systems at the time . 
This is accomplished by considering vector spaces with additional data , mostly spaces endowed with a suitable topology , thus allowing the consideration of proximity and continuity issues . 
936
Bo Diddley '' with Eric Clapton , Robbie Robertson and longtime bassist and musical director Debby Hastings at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 's 20th annual induction ceremony and in the UK , '' Uncut '' magazine included his 1958 debut album '' Bo Diddley '' in its listing of the ' 100 Music , Movie &amp; TV Moments That Have Changed The World ' . 
If Socrates changes , becoming sick , Socrates is still the same -LRB- the substance of Socrates being the same -RRB- , and change -LRB- his sickness -RRB- only glides over his substance : change is accidental , whereas the substance is essential . 
937
Within this form a further distinction can be made depending on whether or not a voter can influence the election of candidates within a party list -LRB- open list and closed list respectively -RRB- . 
However , commodity prices for these exports declined , and New Zealand lost its preferential trading position with the United Kingdom in 1973 , due to the latter joining the European Economic Community . 
938
The birth register of Vienna 's Jewish community lists Meitner as being born on 17 November 1878 , but all other documents list it as 7 November , which is what she used . 
These communities allow for members to seek advice , post tutorials , provide product reviews or post examples of their own work . 
939
The most common kind of index uses a sorted list of the contents of some particular table column , with pointers to the row associated with the value . 
The city centre has two main shopping centres ; the Foyleside Shopping Centre which has 45 stores and 1430 parking spaces , and the Richmond Centre , which has 39 retail units . 
940
Although the Liberals had been previously indecisive on the question of nuclear weapons , on January 12 , Pearson made a speech stating that the government should live up to the commitments it had made . 
Abrahamic religions , including Judaism , Christianity and Islam , take it as a matter of faith that God exists , and in some way can reveal his will to people . 
941
The Mahon family , Strokestown House alone in 1847 evicted 3,000 people , and according to John Gibney were still able to dine on lobster soup . 
Tensions between the two nations escalated during the Napoleonic Wars , as Britain tried to cut off American trade with France , and boarded American ships to impress into the Royal Navy men of British birth . 
942
Unlike human cyborgs that appear human externally while being synthetic internally , a Lobster looks inhuman externally but contains a human internally . 
An FBI field report alleged that Moon 's rites involved '' having a nude women in a darkened room with MUN -LSB- sic -RSB- while he recited a long prayer and caressed their bodies ... At these meetings , MUN prepared special food and drink , and gathered his nude congregation into a darkened room where they all prayed for twenty-four hours . '' 
943
There also are smaller but significant quantities of sole , squid , deep-sea crab , rock lobster , and tuna . 
Carbon dioxide is sometimes used to top up wine bottles or other storage vessels such as barrels to prevent oxidation , though it has the problem that it can dissolve into the wine , making a previously still wine slightly fizzy . 
944
This is because for '' k '' &gt; '' n '' / 2 , the probability can be calculated by its complement as So , one must look to a different '' k '' and a different '' p '' -LRB- the binomial is not symmetrical in general -RRB- . 
Though not strictly rhymes , eye rhymes or sight rhymes refer to similarity in spelling but not in sound , as with '' cough '' , '' bough '' , or '' love '' , '' move '' . 
945
B and A sides are as follows , looking down into the motherboard connector . 
The positioning of the still cameras can be varied along any desired smooth curve to produce a smooth looking camera motion in the finished clip , and the timing of each camera 's firing may be delayed slightly , so that a motion scene can be executed -LRB- albeit over a very short period of movie time -RRB- . 
946
Full control of the menu bar and support of virtually all native objects and controls allowed the creation of professional looking software . 
The popular AltaVista , created by Digital , was one of the first comprehensive Internet search engines . 
947
Upon looking at a picture of the Mandelbrot set , one immediately notices the large cardioid-shaped region in the center . 
As of August 2009 , Willis Tower is the fifth tallest freestanding structure in the world -LRB- by pinnacle height -RRB- , after the Burj Khalifa , the Guangzhou TV &amp; Sightseeing Tower , the CN Tower and the Ostankino Tower . 
948
Some encrusting bryozoan colonies with mineralized exoskeletons look very like small corals . 
Alfred , according to Asser , insisted upon reviewing contested judgments made by his ealdormen and reeves , and '' would carefully look into nearly all the judgements which were passed -LSB- issued -RSB- in his absence anywhere in the realm , to see whether they were just or unjust . '' 
949
Asked by Arthur M. Schlesinger , Jr. why he avoided criticism of McCarthy , Kennedy said , '' Hell , half my voters in Massachusetts look on McCarthy as a hero . '' 
This explained the observation that many compounds that are toxic to bacteria are non-toxic to human cells . 
950
During these period , the Jaguars made minor changes to their uniform , each time adding more black to the look . 
One application is to formulas for washing and conditioning grey or blonde hair , where the brightener can not only increase the luminance and sparkle of the hair , but can also correct dull , yellowish discoloration without darkening the hair . 
951
The conquest of Sardinia by the Kingdom of Aragon and the consequent loss of independence also meant the introduction of the feudal system throughout Sardinia . 
The loss , however , of a division -LRB- mora -RRB- , destroyed by Iphicrates , neutralized these successes , and Agesilaus returned to Sparta . 
952
Diet journaling software and websites have become popular to help people track calorie consumption , calorie burning , weight loss goals , and nutritional balance . 
Most importantly public awareness would need to improve for industrialized countries to realize the large payoff in reducing over-illumination . 
953
It absorbed a large proportion of surplus sheep but during the postwar slump suffered a serious loss and closed down in 1921 . 
Lighting is responsible for one-fourth of all energy consumption worldwide , and case studies have shown that several forms of over-illumination constitute energy wastage , including non-beneficial upward direction of night-time lighting . 
954
of Mormon was dictated by Joseph Smith to several scribes over a period of nearly two years , resulting in an original manuscript that was eventually printed into the 1830 edition of the Book of Mormon , minus the first 116 pages of the Book of Lehi , which were lost after Smith lent the uncopied manuscript to Martin Harris who gave them to his wife Lucy . 
Shortly after , 18 P-38s with long-range drop tanks took off from Guadalcanal . 
955
From 1630 to 1634 , Swedish-led armies drove the Catholic forces back , regaining much of the lost Protestant territory . 
The pact 's basic goals were recovery of the lost territories and common fight until the time of a commonly agreed peace . 
956
, Habermas raises the issue of whether , in light of the failures of the twentieth century , we '' should try to hold on to the '' intentions of the Enlightenment '' , feeble as they may be , or should we declare the entire project of modernity a lost cause ? '' 
This is a perfect example of how the idea of the Charter went so far beyond its actual content : it depicted for many people the idea of total liberty . 
957
However , as more hotels were built in the south part of the bay , the old hotels of the 1950s lost their grandeur . 
That would represent more than 6.5 % , or nearly 1 in 15 Americans , making sleep apnea as prevalent as asthma or diabetes . 
958
Verbs of perception or emotion -LRB- like '' see '' , '' know '' , '' love '' , '' want '' -RRB- also require the logical subject to stand in the dative/lative case , note that in this example the '' pure '' dative/lative without its POSS-suffix is used . 
Some supposed revivals of the '' agape meal '' are found in '' fellowship '' , or '' potluck '' dinners held at some churches . 
959
Because they are sight hounds and love to run , Italian Greyhound must never be walked outside off-leash . 
As a parish priest in an immigrant community , McGivney saw what could happen to a family when the breadwinner died and wanted to provide insurance to care for the widows and orphans left behind . 
960
People are not by nature inclined to love God with their whole heart , mind , or strength , but rather all are inclined to serve their own interests over those of their neighbour and to reject the rule of God . 
Gallagher told the duo that he had a Balearic inspired track which he had written , which he would like the Dust Brothers to remix . 
961
These are trained to serve out of fear until they obtain sufficient knowledge to serve out of love . 
Nicks and Buckingham joined Fleetwood Mac on December 31 , 1974 , after Keith Olsen played their track '' Frozen Love '' for drummer Mick Fleetwood , who had come to Studio City , California to find a new studio to record Fleetwood Mac 's next studio album . 
962
system , fallibilism , critical common-sensism -LRB- fallibilistic but not radically skeptical -RRB- , logic as formal semiotic , philosophical pragmatism , which he founded , Scholastic realism , theism , objective idealism , and belief in the reality of continuity and of chance , mechanical necessity , and evolutionary love . 
Newton 's laws of motion govern the motion of an object in an inertial frame of reference . 
963
Possibly out of vengeance for the death of Iphigenia , Clytemnestra plotted with her lover to kill Agamemnon . 
It was such a stunning success that it was repeated every year on NBC from 1951 to 1966 , when a quarrel between Menotti and NBC ended the broadcasts . 
964
When Henrietta asked her daughter whether she could say that Love might not be God , she reported that '' the muscles stood out on her neck , she broke out in a sweat and she said that she could not say that . '' 
Loss of control over the bowels , though rare according to some , is thought to be a valid concern and is reported to be caused by repeated injury , or by the insertion of large objects , or simply by regular anal sex , which '' leads to internal sphincter dilation and soiling . '' 
965
Lowering LDL levels ultimately lowers the level of risk . 
The BCD is used to compensate for the compression of a wet suit , and to compensate for the decrease of the diver 's mass as the air from the cylinder is breathed away . 
966
Again , such a system design can be made as reliable as one wishes , at the cost of lowering security -LRB- the more servers to check for the possibility of a key revocation , the longer the window of vulnerability -RRB- . 
As it allows a government to devalue their spending and displace -LRB- or avoid -RRB- a tax increase , governments have sometimes resorted to excessively loose monetary policy to meet their expenses . 
967
The lowering of the point to the ground is a traditional act of submission . 
The music and movement was also aided by the electronic music revolution - the arrival of cheap and compact music sequencers , drum machines -LRB- the Roland TR-909 , TR-808 and TR-707 , and Latin percussion machine the TR-727 -RRB- and bass modules -LRB- such as the Roland TB-303 -RRB- gave house creators . 
968
Because water is incompressible and must remain within the confines of the bucket , this outward movement increases the depth of water at the larger radius , increasing the height of the surface at larger radius , and lowering it at smaller radius . 
The Maldives have an amazing diversity of sea life , with corals and over 2,000 species of fish , ranging from reef fish to reef sharks , moray eels , and a wide variety of rays : Manta rays ; Stingray ; and Eagle ray . 
969
He was deeply sympathetic to the cause of Maoist revolutionaries in China , but was brought up in the cavernous luxury of a rural estate in Yorkshire with all the attendant prerogatives of a member of the landed gentry . 
Ironically , these regulations ensure that stock car racers are in many ways technologically less sophisticated than standard cars on the road . 
970
Further , if I were to say that this summus philosophus -LSB- ... -RSB- scribbled nonsense quite unlike any mortal before him , so that whoever could read his most eulogized work , the so-called '' Phenomenology of the Mind '' , without feeling as if he were in a madhouse , would qualify as an inmate for Bedlam , I should be no less right . 
The soap also tackled the issue of mental illness and carers of people who have mental conditions , illustrated with mother and daughter Jean and Stacey Slater ; Jean suffers from bipolar disorder , and teenage daughter Stacey was her carer -LRB- this storyline won a Mental Health Media Award in September 2006 -RRB- . 
971
Fortune had already used Crowley as a model for the black magician Hugo Astley in her 1935 novel '' The Winged Bull '' . 
Randi worked as a professional stage magician and escapologist beginning in 1946 , initially under his birth name , Randall Zwinge , and then as The Amazing Randi . 
972
Bruce Dickinson , singer with Iron Maiden , wrote the screenplay of '' Chemical Wedding '' -LRB- released in America on DVD as '' Crowley '' -RRB- , which features Simon Callow as Oliver Haddo , the name taken from the Magician-villain character in the Somerset Maugham book '' The Magician '' , who was in turn inspired by Maugham 's meeting with Crowley The Italian historian of esotericism Giordano Berti , in his book '' Tarocchi Aleister Crowley '' -LRB- 1998 -RRB- quotes a number of literary works and films inspired by Crowley 's life and legends . 
The Clementine '' Recognitions '' and '' Homilies '' give an account of Simon Magus and some of his teachings in regards to the Simonians . 
973
He is currently working on '' A Magician in the Laboratory '' , which recounts his application of skepticism to science . 
It was from Indian sitar wizard Ashwin Batish . 
974
Kosmos &amp; Maker . 
The Ford nameplate has won eight manufacturer 's championships in Sprint Cup , while Mercury has won one . 
975
His vision of optimal truth is described partly in '' Man from Himself : An Inquiry into the Psychology of Ethics '' -LRB- 1947 -RRB- , from which excerpts are included below . 
The force consisting of , and forced the remaining German ships to retreat . 
976
These standards can not originate from man since no man is perfect . 
Despite this , the Supreme Court , since '' Wesberry v. Sanders '' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- and '' Reynolds v. Sims '' -LRB- 1964 -RRB- , has interpreted the Equal Protection Clause as requiring the states to apportion their congressional districts and state legislative seats on a '' one man , one vote '' basis . 
977
On 21 May 2009 , Mario Celaire , who had previously been found not guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend , was found guilty under double jeopardy laws of her manslaughter . 
Currently , Norway has the lowest homicide rate in the world . 
978
The advent of the Industrial Revolution in Britain provided a great boost to cotton manufacture , as textiles emerged as Britain 's leading export . 
Credit Rating and Commercial Borrowing . 
979
This enabled a small company 's product to gain acceptance in the world market since second sources from far larger companies such as Toshiba started to manufacture the device . 
Landbirds have a flight range of around and shorebirds can fly up to , although the Bar-tailed Godwit is capable of non-stop flights of up to . 
980
Some individuals , notably Joseph Stalin , have stated that all problems emanate from man , and absent man , no problems ensue . 
The actual marriage is the declaration of marriage -LRB- consecration -RRB- by the man and acceptance by the woman . 
981
All four canonical gospels recount that , during the Last Supper , Jesus foretold that Peter would deny him three times before the following cockcrow -LRB- '' before the cock crows twice '' in Mark 's account -RRB- . 
Broad concepts that are couched in thermodynamic terms include redox potential , acidity , phase changes . 
982
Smith sent a telegram notifying British Prime Minister Harold Wilson at precisely 1 p.m. local time -LRB- 11 a.m. in London -RRB- on 11 November , at the precise moment that the UK started its traditional two minutes of silence to mark the end of World War I and honour its war dead . 
In 1849 , he had received a patent for a '' device to buoy vessels over shoals '' . 
983
Collins arrives and gives Mark and Roger a bunch of money and tells them that he has rewired the ATM at the food emporium at his school to dispense money to anyone who enters the code A-N-G-E-L . 
In 1946 , Robinson arrived at Daytona Beach , Florida , for spring training with the Montreal Royals of the Class AAA International League -LRB- the designation of '' AAA '' for the highest level of minor league baseball was first used in the 1946 season -RRB- . 
984
It has the highest market share of all beer sold in Australia , both on tap and packaged . 
The Falcons also started wearing black cleats with these uniforms . 
985
In contrast , during the 90s , Denmark liberalized its job market , Sweden moved to more decentralized contracts , whereas Finnish trade unions blocked many reforms . 
This replaced the labor theory of value by a system of supply and demand . 
986
In the United States , Sire Records needed a term by which it could market its newly signed bands , who had frequently played the club CBGB . 
The following year , the first officers appointed to the Colonial Government took their posts , by this time a number of residences , a large storage shed , carpenter 's shop and blacksmiths shop had been completed and the Government Dockyard laid-out . 
987
In 1973 , Atari secretly spawned a '' competitor '' called Kee Games , headed by Nolan 's next door neighbor Joe Keenan , to circumvent pinball distributors ' insistence on exclusive distribution deals ; both Atari and Kee could market -LRB- virtually -RRB- the same game to different distributors , with each getting an '' exclusive '' deal . 
The Doha round of World Trade Organization negotiations aims to lower barriers to trade around the world , with a focus on making trade fairer for developing countries . 
988
that person , and then attack '' liberals '' in an attempt to both Example : '' Racist '' is another dysphemism intended to diminish credibility of a particular mark : -LRB- 1 -RRB- create a political battle-ax of unaccountable aggression and -LRB- 2 -RRB- diminish the quality of the Mark . 
Today , three granite plaques mark the location of each home as well as the dates when their most famous residents were inducted into the Hall of Fame . 
989
This may be a reference to Enki 's hieros gamos or sacred marriage with Ki/Ninhursag -LRB- the Earth -RRB- -LRB- see below -RRB- . 
It has a more open counterpart , the ' long ' '' o '' , like the vowel in ' low ' -LRB- -RRB- . 
990
Though procreation is not the sole purpose , a Jewish marriage is also expected to fulfill the commandment to have children . 
Loyalty was also an extension of one 's duties to friends , family , and spouse . 
991
Married women and government officials on business could ride . 
The only real proof of motive is that person 's own statement . 
992
If all participants in a match continue to breach the referee 's instructions , the match may end in a double disqualification , where both wrestlers or teams -LRB- in a tag team match -RRB- have been disqualified . 
Final tournament . 
993
All of the files are ' conformed ' to match an edit list created by the film editor , and are then color corrected under the direction of the film 's staff . 
The choice was made after the development team , when observing how one kart looked to another driving past it , decided to see what it would look like with Mario in the kart . 
994
Today most top-level smallbore match rifles are single-shot bolt actions . 
The works of Stretford-born painter , known for his '' matchstick '' paintings of industrial Manchester and Salford , can be seen in both the city and Whitworth Manchester galleries , and The Lowry art centre in Salford Quays -LRB- in the neighbouring borough of Salford -RRB- devotes a large permanent exhibition to his works . 
995
Signal and audio transformers are used to couple stages of amplifiers and to match devices such as microphones and record players to the input of amplifiers . 
In 1878 , a number of traders , mostly from Glasgow , formed the African Lakes Company to supply goods and services to the missionaries . 
996
It takes the fruits 5 to 6 weeks to develop , but it takes around 9 months for the bean to mature . 
The Bell Telephone Laboratories made a producible version from the magnetron delivered to America by the Tizard Mission , and before the end of 1940 , the Radiation Laboratory had been set up on the campus of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to develop various types of radar using the magnetron . 
997
Steady population and economic growth has enabled the city to mature and preserve much of its historical grandeur and beauty whilst accommodating thoughtful and modern development . 
Some evidence , such as the fact that six out of thirteen allozyme loci are different , that hawthorn flies mature later in the season and take longer to mature than apple flies ; and that there is little evidence of interbreeding -LRB- researchers have documented a 4-6 % hybridization rate -RRB- suggests that sympatric speciation is occurring . 
998
The '' Cogadh na Saoirse '' medal , which was awarded to IRA Volunteers after 1941 , bears a ribbon with two vertical stripes in black and tan . 
In laboratory experiments , octopuses can be readily trained to distinguish between different shapes and patterns . 
999
The Community Centre for Media Arts -LRB- CCMA -RRB- continues to operate in downtown Hamilton . 
Nevertheless , because of its remarkable adaptability to almost any environment , and its ability to live commensally with humans , the mouse is one of the most successful mammalian genera living on Earth today . 
1000
The Hampton Roads area is the 42nd-largest media market in the United States as ranked by Nielsen Media Research , while the Richmond-Petersburg area is 60th and Roanoke-Lynchburg is 68th . 
Many antidepressants are associated with weight gain usually in the range of but rarely upwards of . 
1001
in Canada as '' soccer '' in both English and French , has the most registered players of any sport in Canada , but has never enjoyed sustained popularity as a major professional spectator sport even though the last few years have showed an improvement in terms of popularity and media coverage . 
Up until the 1970s , the ROC was regarded by Western critics as undemocratic for upholding martial law , for severely repressing any political opposition and for controlling media . 
1002
Along the same lines , David Baron of Stanford GSB presents a game-theoretic model of mass media behaviour in which , given that the pool of journalists systematically leans towards the left or the right , mass media outlets maximise their profits by providing content that is biased in the same direction . 
the SEA-ME-WE-3 AND SEA-ME-WE-4 submarine cable networks ; linked to the international submarine cable FLAG -LRB- Fiber-Optic Link Around the Globe -RRB- ; satellite earth stations - 2 Intelsat -LRB- Atlantic Ocean and Indian Ocean -RRB- , 1 Arabsat , and 1 Inmarsat ; tropospheric scatter to Sudan ; microwave radio relay to Israel ; a participant in Medarabtel Radio broadcast stations : AM 42 -LRB- plus 15 repeaters -RRB- , FM 14 , shortwave 3 -LRB- 1999 -RRB- Internet Service Providers -LRB- ISPs -RRB- : 220 -LRB- 2008 -RRB- People connected to the internet : 12,568,900 -LRB- As of . 
1003
Media . 
Telecommunication through radio broadcasts is called broadcast communication because it is between one powerful transmitter and numerous receivers . 
1004
Error-correcting codes are frequently used in lower-layer communication , as well as for reliable storage in media such as CDs , DVDs , and dynamic RAM . 
To sum things up , the use of money in trading all goods -LRB- capital/labor and consumer -RRB- in all markets -LRB- spot and financial -RRB- combined with profit driven entrepreneurship and Darwinian natural selection in financial markets all combine to make rational economic calculation and allocation the outcome of the capitalist process . 
1005
-LSB- cf. Rev 20:1 -6 -RSB- Finally , there is no mention of millennial evangelization in the text . 
No trace of such an oral tradition , which Homer 's listeners would have recognized in Nestor 's allusion , survived in literary epic . 
1006
The first Act of Parliament to mention the Premiership was the Chequers Estate Act on 20 December 1917 . 
In later interviews , Iwerks would comment that Mickey as featured in '' The Gallopin ' Gaucho '' was intended to be a swashbuckler , an adventurer modeled after Fairbanks himself . 
1007
They are chiefly known now through their mention in the song '' Seventy-Six Trombones '' from the musical '' The Music Man '' by Meredith Willson . 
The first Act of Parliament to mention the Premiership was the Chequers Estate Act on 20 December 1917 . 
1008
Indeed , to this day , the Orioles make almost no mention of their past as the Browns . 
But when Jeff Koons tried to justify his appropriation of Art Rogers ' photograph '' Puppies '' in his sculpture '' String of Puppies '' with the same parody defense , he lost because his work was not presented as a parody of Rogers ' photograph in particular , but of society at large , which was deemed insufficiently justificatory . 
1009
and resurrection of Jesus , Saturday observance continued and was a time of communal gathering for early Christians , both Jew and Gentile -LRB- may support this , although the verse itself refers only to the fact that the synagogues of the Jews met on Saturdays , and does not mention Jewish Christian or Gentile Christian practices directly -RRB- . 
The name '' Marduka '' or '' Marduku '' -LRB- considered equivalent to '' Mordecai '' -RRB- has been found as the name of officials in the Persian court in thirty texts from the period of Xerxes I and his father Darius , and may refer to up to four individuals with the possibility that one of these is the Biblical Mordecai . 
1010
1982 -RRB- that the influence was so great as to merit a direct comparison , character by character , of Wagner 's ' Ring ' and Aeschylus ' ' Orestia . ' 
Despite the names , a '' precision '' approach simply indicates that vertical guidance -LRB- as well as lateral guidance -RRB- is being used . '' 
1011
Modelled after the poll-based merit format of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , individuals may submit their votes in separate categories . 
Since the introduction of a universal 130km/h speed limit in 2006 , together with the introduction of demerit -LRB- penalty -RRB- points for speeding , the Territory 's road toll has risen markedly . 
1012
It was not until 1946 that the government of the day arranged for an informal offer of the Order of Merit to be made : Shaw declined , replying that '' merit '' in authorship could only be determined by the posthumous verdict of history . 
A kshatriya by birth , he had military training in his upbringing , and by Shakyan tradition was required to pass tests to demonstrate his worthiness as a warrior in order to marry . 
1013
This leaves uranium-238 bonded to fluorine and allows uranium-235 metal to precipitate from the solution . 
Nowadays , mirrors are often produced by the vacuum deposition of aluminium -LRB- or sometimes silver -RRB- directly onto the glass substrate . 
1014
The group was one of the first to be identified with the '' alternative metal '' trend that would come to the fore in the next decade . 
The bullet was originally clad with a nickel alloy jacket , however , this was found to cause excessive barrel wear , so in 1998 the nickel jackets were replaced with tombac jackets . 
1015
In this region even in winter , midday desert temperatures can be very hot . 
His first film was the classic Western '' High Noon '' , in which he played a villain . 
1016
Before 1963 , the Class A level was a middle - to higher-rung classification . 
Also , Highway 167 could be taken from Opelousas north to Monroe , crossing through Alexandria at one of the few bridges over the Red River in central Louisiana . 
1017
Tanks of any other color are generally marked with six inch band around the shoulder , with a one inch yellow band on the top and bottom , with four inches of green in the middle . 
South of the Qinling divide are the densely populated and highly developed areas of the lower and middle plains of the Yangtze and , on its upper reaches , the Sichuan Basin , an area encircled by a high barrier of mountain ranges . 
1018
Many modern European states owe their origins to events unfolding in the Middle Ages ; present European political boundaries are , in many regards , the result of the military and dynastic achievements during this tumultuous period . 
Consistent semiclassical quantization condition requires a certain type of structure on the phase space , which places topological limitations on the types of symplectic manifolds which can be quantized . 
1019
For a while he '' went native '' in his own country , dressing like a tramp and making no concessions to middle class mores and expectations ; he recorded his experiences of the low life for later use in '' The Spike '' , his first published essay , and the latter half of his first book , '' Down and Out in Paris and London '' -LRB- 1933 -RRB- . 
Fundamentalists also believe in a number of other doctrines taught and practiced by Brigham Young in the 19th century , which the LDS Church has either abandoned , repudiated , or put in abeyance ; e.g. , the church has long excommunicated any members caught practicing polygamy . 
1020
The value formerly used in the United States was 6 080.20 feet = 1 nautical -LRB- geographical or sea -RRB- mile . '' 
Running is often measured in terms of pace in minutes per mile or kilometer . 
1021
Milk paints -LRB- also called casein -RRB- , where the medium is derived from the natural emulsion that is milk , were popular in the 19th century and are still available today . 
Foreign exchange reserves are bolstered by steady worker remittances , but a growing current account deficit - driven by a widening trade gap as import growth outstrips export expansion - could draw down reserves and dampen GDP growth in the medium term . 
1022
There are grooves on her abdomen in which the milk pools , allowing the young to lap it up . 
During phase 2 therapeutic milk called F-100 , which is higher in energy/fat/protein content than F-75 , is given to patients , usually along with a peanut butter mixture called Plumpy ' nut . 
1023
Soft drinks may also displace other healthier choices in people 's diets , such as water , milk , and fruit juice . 
He promulgated a categorization of mind and matter as composed of eight types of '' kalapas '' of which the four elements are primary and a secondary group of four are color , smell , taste , and nutriment which are derivative from the four primaries . 
1024
The shorthand term , '' oedipal , '' -LRB- later explicated by Joseph Sandler in '' On the Concept Superego '' -LRB- 1960 -RRB- and modified by Charles Brenner in '' The Mind in Conflict '' -LRB- 1982 -RRB- -RRB- refers to the powerful attachments that children make to their parents in the preschool years . 
But this would vanish if I could make up my mind . '' 
1025
The generalization of '' mind '' to include all mental faculties , thought , volition , feeling and memory , gradually develops over the 14th and 15th centuries . 
Good dream recall is often described as the first step towards lucid dreaming . 
1026
Local people once used this method to mine ammoniac . 
Under oxidizing conditions , which tend to strip electrons from atoms , technetium -LRB- VII -RRB- will exist as the pertechnetate ion . 
1027
This comparatively recent evidence is but a coda to the widespread settlement in the region shown by earlier archaeological evidence of Mesolithic man as far back as c. 7000BC , -LRB- Grimes Graves , Norfolk - a 5000 y/o flint mine -RRB- with Roman settlements Lakenheath , Long Melford , later Bronze and Saxon settlements . 
The mechanism of action is not known , although elemental sulfur does oxidize slowly to sulfurous acid , which in turn -LRB- through the action of sulfite -RRB- acts as a mild reducing and antibacterial agent . 
1028
Prime minister . 
She had intended Newton to become a clergyman , but she died of tuberculosis when Newton was six years old . 
1029
On September 16 , 2008 , Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin announced that in 2009 , Russian defense budget will be increased to a record amount of $ 50 billion . 
For example , Mikhail Gorbachev initially did not hold the presidency of the Soviet Union , that office being given as an honour to former Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko . 
1030
In 2004 , he was voted the greatest British prime minister of the 20th century in a poll of 139 professors organised by MORI . 
Jenkins argued the necessity for a realignment in British politics , and discussed whether this could be brought about from within the existing Liberal Party , or from a new group driven by European principles of social democracy . 
1031
A '' flamen '' , or cultic priest , was appointed to minister the cult of the deified Pius , now '' Divus Antoninus '' . 
The way the rules work , this could easily result in the party making the request having to pay both their own costs and the costs of the opponent - even if they win the case at the end . 
1032
There are currently over 100 open FMS contracts between the U.S. military and the Kuwait Ministry of Defense totaling $ 8.1 billion . 
Other Chicago landmarks seen in '' The Dark Knight '' include Chicago Board of Trade Building , Willis Tower , Aon Center , Two Prudential Plaza , NBC Tower , the Marina City towers , Navy Pier , the Randolph Street Metra Station , and lower Wacker Drive . 
1033
The United Church of Canada and the Uniting Church in Australia already welcome gays and lesbians in permanent partnerships into the ordained ministry . 
This movement rejected Abstract expressionism and its focus on the hermeneutic and psychological interior , in favor of art which depicted , and often celebrated material consumer culture , advertising , and iconography of the mass production age . 
1034
Like the Orthodox and Roman Catholic churches -LRB- but unlike most Protestant churches -RRB- , the Anglican Communion maintains the threefold ministry of deacons , priests and bishops . 
In the Ancient Near East , the priesthood also acted on behalf of the gods in managing their property . 
1035
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon argued that the only acceptable form of direct democracy is one in which it is recognized that majority decisions are not binding on the minority , even when unanimous . 
The acceptance of three of the signatories was subject to minor reservations . 
1036
The Muslims had always been a minority , and the prospect of an exclusively Hindu government made them wary of independence ; they were as inclined to mistrust Hindu rule as they were to resist the foreign Raj , although Gandhi called for unity between the two groups in an astonishing display of leadership . 
The US Peace Government and the Global Country of World Peace were created to promote evidence-based and sustainable solutions as well as policies of governance that are aligned with Natural Law . 
1037
Miss Cushman 's Romeo is a creative , a living , breathing , animated , ardent human being . '' 
Sometimes , political , social and economic circumstances , and public opinion are the reason for others parties ' failure . 
1038
In 2001 , they issued a satirical press release , announcing that they would sue Internet users who typed the frowny ; the joke backfired and the company received a storm of protest when its mock release was posted at technology news website Slashdot . 
Also used was - : -RRB- to indicate sticking out your tongue , in derision or anger . 
1039
Whether to honour a character or to mock him , these references were demeaning to the gods . 
On March 27 , 2009 HK Magazine Columnist Chip Tsao wrote an article to tease Chinese patriots and government on the territorial dispute of the Spratly islands between China and the Philippines . 
1040
In the early 1980s , James Goldstone linked population variables to the English Revolution of 1640-1660 and David Lempert devised a model of demographics , economics , and political change in the multi-ethnic country of Mauritius . 
The majority use this kind of imagery and attitude only as a way to provoke , to mark their diversity from the rest of the crowds , and , for some , from the rest of the country . 
1041
Specifically , the problem of combining quantum mechanics and gravity becomes an issue only at very high energies , and may well require a totally new kind of model . 
An independent Athens was a minor power in the Hellenistic age ; it rarely had much in the way of foreign policy ; it generally remained at peace , allied either with the Ptolemaic dynasty , or later , with Rome ; when it went to war , the result -LRB- as in the Lamian , Chremonidean , and Mithridatic War -RRB- was usually disastrous . 
1042
For example , the same techniques used to model ideal gases can be applied to model the behavior of a hard sphere colloidal suspension . 
Other educational institutions which prominently shape the academic environment of Ajmer before India became independent are the Government College , Sophia senior secondary school , St. Anselm 's senior secondary school -LRB- St. Anselm 's Ajmer -RRB- , Savitri Girls ' School &amp; College , D.A.V. School , Dayanand College , Government High School , . 
1043
Some of the team 's oldest and most frequent emnities have involved such foes as the Mole Man , the Skrulls , Namor the Sub-Mariner , Doctor Doom , Puppet Master , Rama-Tut/Immortus , Blastaar , the Frightful Four , Annihilus , Galactus , and Klaw . 
During the Second World War he was recruited by Nazi Germany as a spy but turned and became a British double agent code named ' Zigzag ' . 
1044
father , Cedric , a descendant of the Saxon King Harold Godwinson ; various Knights Templar and churchmen ; the loyal serfs Gurth the swineherd and the jester Wamba , whose observations punctuate much of the action ; and the Jewish moneylender , Isaac of York , equally passionate of money and his daughter , Rebecca . 
Bank '' is also used in some parts of the world to refer to an artificial ridge of earth intended to retain the water of a river or pond . 
1045
He also dismissed the argument -LRB- based upon the writings of Aristotle -RRB- that it is wrong to charge interest for money because money itself is barren . 
Although Ochs played classical music , he soon became interested in other sounds he heard on the radio , such as early rock icons Buddy Holly and Elvis Presley and country music artists including Faron Young , Ernest Tubb , Hank Williams , Sr. , and Johnny Cash . 
1046
As advertising executive Bruce Barton put it , '' Americans knew they may have more fun with Smith , but that they would make more money with Hoover . '' 
Jersey currency is not legal tender outside Jersey : However , in the United Kingdom it is '' acceptable tender '' and can be surrendered at banks within that country in exchange for Bank of England-issued currency on a like-for-like basis . 
1047
Another time Drysdale followed the Clampetts to the '' Hills '' and bought up the Silver Dollar City '' bank '' just to make sure he had a controlling interest in the Clampetts ' money . 
Black Crystals cut from the same mineral deposit could be '' tuned '' to sympathetically vibrate with each other instantly , even when separated by interstellar distances , allowing instantaneous telephone-like voice and data communication . 
1048
In the United States , parallel systems of law -LRB- providing money damages , with cases heard by a jury upon either party 's request -RRB- and equity -LRB- fashioning a remedy to fit the situation , including injunctive relief , heard by a judge -RRB- survived well into the 20th century . 
Military expenditures - dollar figure : $ 700,000 -LRB- FY00/01 -RRB- Military expenditures - percent of GDP : NA % Manpower available for military service : males age 18-49 : 6,331 -LRB- 2005 est. -RRB- Manpower fit for military service : males age 18-49 : 5,107 -LRB- 2005 est. -RRB- . 
1049
The Palestinians claimed that the counterfeit money was confiscated from criminal elements . 
Clothing starch or laundry starch is a liquid that is prepared by mixing a vegetable starch in water -LRB- earlier preparations also had to be boiled -RRB- , and is used in the laundering of clothes . 
1050
Biafra claims that guitarist East Bay Ray had long expressed displeasure with Alternative Tentacles and with the amount of money he received from them , thus the original incentive for the discovery of the back payments . 
In 2003 , Ashcroft and the acting DEA Administrator , John B. Brown , announced a series of indictments resulting from two nationwide investigations code-named Operation Pipe Dream and Operation Headhunter . 
1051
David Mills , lawyer husband of the British cabinet minister in the Blair government , had acted for Berlusconi in the early 1990s and has been accused by Italian prosecutors of money laundering and of accepting a gift from Berlusconi in return for friendly evidence given as a prosecution witness against Berlusconi . 
Though it began as a trash pile , Aggie Bonfire evolved into a massive six-tiered structure , the world record being held at . 
1052
Psychiatrist Glen Gabbard writes that despite efforts by Stekel and Money , '' the term '' paraphilia '' remains pejorative in most circumstances . '' 
Adverse possession requires that the claimant file it against a party that holds title to the property . 
1053
Money Magazine '' , in 2006 , named College Station the most educated city in Texas , and the 11th most educated American city , due largely to the size of the university . 
Instead of viewing women as ornaments to society or property to be traded in marriage , Wollstonecraft maintains that they are human beings deserving of the same fundamental rights as men . 
1054
Sayles used the money to fund the fantasy '' The Brother from Another Planet '' , a film about a black , three-toed slave who escapes from another planet and finds himself at home among the people of Harlem in New York City , largely because he is incapable of speaking . 
This soil is the source of a wealth of agricultural products , including potatoes , peppermint , hops , apples and other fruits . 
1055
The stage names for four of the five brothers were coined by monologist Art Fisher during a poker game in Galesburg , Illinois , based both on the brothers ' personalities and Gus Mager 's '' Sherlocko the Monk '' , a popular comic strip of the day which included a supporting character named '' Groucho '' . 
Apollo spoke through his oracle : the sibyl or priestess of the oracle at Delphi was known as the Pythia ; she had to be an older woman of blameless life chosen from among the peasants of the area . 
1056
Barker -LRB- 2005 -RRB- quotes a contemporary account by a monk of St. Denis who reports how the panicking horses also galloped back through the advancing infantry , scattering them and trampling them down in their headlong flight . 
Religious conflicts permeated Charles ' reign . 
1057
The arrest was made possible by '' Frate Mitra , '' alias Silvano Girotto , a former monk who had infiltrated the BR for the Italian security services . 
Its highest point is at the summit of Mount Columbia in the Rocky Mountains along the southwest border , while its lowest point is on the Slave River in Wood Buffalo National Park in the northeast . 
1058
One well documented massacre was the triple massacres at Jiading , in which General Li Chengdong , a Han Chinese general who previously served the Ming Dynasty but later surrendered to the Qing , ordered troops to carry out three separate massacres on the Jiading inhabitants within a month , resulting in tens of thousands of deaths . 
never had a track , the residential colleges regularly competed in an improvised '' Slug Run '' every spring from 1967 to 1982 , though the Run now is a community event and fundraiser event hosted by the cross-country club for much needed fund to pay for entry fees , hotel , and transportation to race . 
1059
Nearly every part of Maryland receives per month of rain . 
Correspondingly , solar argon contains 84.6 % argon-36 based on solar wind measurements . 
1060
Released a month later , the book was an underground success , selling 22,000 copies in its first two printings . '' 
Between 1929 and 1931 USSR changed from the 7-day week to a 5-day week . 
1061
The distinction between '' B '' and '' C '' is demonstrated in the following example : In the evening , one can go out and see at the same moment the sun setting , the moon and a few stars ; this is our reality or '' B '' . 
In principle , the object types may be unrelated , but since they share a common interface , they are often implemented as subclasses of the same superclass . 
1062
In ancient Buddhism , lay persons were encouraged , but not obliged , to commit themselves to observe the Five Training Precepts of morality -LRB- -RRB- . 
Medina 's importance dwindled and it became more a place of religious importance than of political power . 
1063
Morality and beliefs . 
He characterises the books as Lewis 's failed attempt to work out many of his inner conflicts . 
1064
Relationships and Morality . 
For example , courage is the moderate virtue between the extremes of cowardice and recklessness . 
1065
Morocco possesses 75 percent of the world 's phosphate reserves . 
This league of independent city-state ports , with others on the islands and along other coasts of the Mediterranean Sea , was ideally suited for trade between the Levant area , rich in natural resources , and the rest of the ancient world . 
1066
Education in Morocco is free and compulsory through primary school -LRB- age 15 -RRB- . 
In 1600 , Abd el-Ouahed ben Messaoud , the principal secretary to the Moroccan ruler Mulai Ahmad al-Mansur , visited England as an ambassador to the court of queen Elizabeth I , in order to negotiate an Anglo-Moroccan alliance against Spain . 
1067
More recent manifestations include '' Paradise Motel '' -LRB- 1985 -RRB- , '' Talking Walls '' -LRB- 1987 -RRB- , '' Desire and Hell at Sunset Motel '' -LRB- 1991 -RRB- and the Korean films '' Motel Cactus '' -LRB- 1997 -RRB- and '' The Motel '' -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . 
What the user would do is remove the drive from its case and then loosen the screws holding the stepper motor that moved the head . 
1068
Jack decides that he must slay the Giant -LRB- as he knows how , from his previous experiences -RRB- , and Cinderella learns from her bird friends that her mother 's grave was disturbed and decides to investigate . 
You need people to help you and care for you and support you . 
1069
Both her mother and father emigrated from Nevis . 
A major application of grey propaganda is making enemies believe falsehoods using straw arguments : As phase one , to make someone believe '' A '' , one releases as grey propaganda '' B '' , the opposite of '' A '' . 
1070
The nearly 20 years of family feuding left her very much estranged from both her mother and father . 
Fast methods add mother of vinegar -LRB- i.e. bacterial culture -RRB- to the source liquid before adding air using a Venturi pump system or a turbine to promote oxygenation to obtain the fastest fermentation . 
1071
Consumed with guilt , Norman '' erased the crime '' by bringing his mother back to life in his own mind . 
Also staying with Sir John and his reserved and insipid wife is his mother-in-law Mrs. Jennings , a rich and rather vulgar widow who is full of kindness and good humour and who immediately assigns herself the project of finding husbands for the Dashwood girls . 
1072
The longer fermentation period allows for the accumulation of a nontoxic slime composed of acetic acid bacteria and soluble cellulose , known as the mother of vinegar . 
The most common top-fermenting brewer 's yeast , '' Saccharomyces cerevisiae '' , is the same species as the common baking yeast . 
1073
In December of that year Hubbard was licensed by the United States Department of Commerce to legally operate steam and motor vessels . 
Biological effects of non-thermal origin have been reported in animals but , to date , no such effects have been demonstrated in humans , except when a microbubble contrast agent is present . '' 
1074
This gearbox can be mechanical but today it is more common to use an alternator/generator set to produce electricity that later is used to drive an electric motor . 
The arm is moved using a voice coil actuator or in some older designs a stepper motor . 
1075
The Latin motto of the RAF , '' Per Ardua ad Astra '' , is usually translated as '' Through Adversity to the Stars '' , but the RAF 's official translation is '' Through Struggle to the Stars '' . 
This sound bite , broadcast on nationwide radio , enjoyed a brief vogue as a humorous catchphrase . 
1076
Sigmund Freud likened the state of melancholia to mourning in his 1917 paper '' Mourning and Melancholia '' . 
As such , where Caeiro 's predominant attitude is that of joviality , his sadness being accepted as natural -LRB- ' My sadness , ' Caeiro says , ' is a comfort for it is natural and right . ' -RRB- 
1077
He was represented in the lost Trojan War epic of Arctinus of Miletus as living after his death in the island of Leuke at the mouth of the river Danube -LRB- see below -RRB- . 
In many species , elongated jaws form a distinct beak ; species such as the Bottlenose have a curved mouth which looks like a fixed smile . 
1078
For places of articulation further back in the mouth , languages do not contrast voiced fricatives and approximants . 
After being taken on a trip at relativistic velocities , the accelerated mouth is brought back to the same region as the stationary mouth with the accelerated mouth 's clock reading 2005 while the stationary mouth 's clock read 2010 . 
1079
In front vowels , such as , the tongue is positioned forward in the mouth , whereas in back vowels , such as , the tongue is positioned towards the back of the mouth . 
He then burns a hole in the head and through the aperture extracts the tongue . 
1080
In the 2009 movie '' Fanboys '' the guards at Skywalker Ranch are wearing the police masks from THX 1138 . 
This turned out to be impossible and proved to be quite a story -LRB- '' see below '' -RRB- ; however recently this approach has been resurrected in the form of neo-logicism . 
1081
According to '' The Hollywood Reporter '' , Warner Bros. has confirmed a third movie is in the works with Dan Lin as producer . 
Between 1854 and 1856 , his work appeared in the national publications , '' The Comic Times '' and '' The Train '' , as well as smaller magazines like the '' Whitby Gazette '' and the '' Oxford Critic '' . 
1082
In the 1996 movie Surviving Picasso Picasso is played by actor Anthony Hopkins . 
Another popular use is as a topping for popcorn . 
1083
They often base their interpretations on various real architectural periods and styles with exaggerated characteristics , such as massively multi-tiered flying buttresses on Gothic cathedrals or the huge Art Deco and Art Nouveau statuary seen in Tim Burton 's movie version . 
The MV Freedom Star and MV Liberty Star , ships used by NASA to tow Space Shuttle Solid Rocket Boosters back to Kennedy Space Center , are propelled only by water jets to protect the endangered manatee population that inhabits regions of the Banana River where the ships are based . 
1084
Toy company Bandai produced toys to coincide with the release of the 2004 live action movie in the UK . 
Another major change was the show 's writing format : instead of ad-lib riffs in the theater , each show was carefully scripted ahead of time , with Mike Nelson serving as head writer -LRB- '' Head Writer '' meaning he gathered and organized all the riffs from the various members , not , as mistakenly believed , that he wrote most of the riffs -RRB- . 
1085
Ms Dunst , also scarily effective as the baby bloodsucker of '' Interview With the Vampire , '' is a little vamp with a big future . '' 
In the summer of 1942 , Pius explained to his college of Cardinals the reasons for the great gulf that existed between Jews and Christians at the theological level : '' Jerusalem has responded to His call and to His grace with the same rigid blindness and stubborn ingratitude that has led it along the path of guilt to the murder of God . '' 
1086
Experimental allergic encephalomyelitis -LRB- EAE -RRB- is an animal model of CNS inflammation and demyelination frequently used to investigate potential MS treatments . 
Early in time -LRB- 40 ms and further -RRB- individual V1 neurons have strong tuning to a small set of stimuli . 
1087
Persecution of Catholics before and at the beginning of the Spanish Civil war , involved the murder of almost 7,000 priests and other clergy , as well as thousands of lay people , by sections of nearly all the leftist groups because of their faith . 
There is one strain of thought that society itself is the victim of many crimes , especially such homicide felonies as murder and manslaughter . 
1088
An example of a temple built in the Chinese tradition is the lamasery Choijing Lamiin Sume -LRB- 1904 -RRB- , which is a museum today . 
NOTE : As a response to the financial crisis of 2008 , the Federal Reserve now makes interest payments on depository institutions ' required and excess reserve balances . 
1089
There is a permanent exhibition of Bermuda notes and coins at the Royal Naval Dockyard Museum . 
Throughout the early history of film distribution , theater owners hired orchestras to attend film showings and provide soundtracks . 
1090
In London as a child , he met J.C. Bach and heard his music . 
The project 's initial purpose was irrigation , but the onset of World War II created a high demand for electricity , mainly for aluminum production and for the development of nuclear weapons at the Hanford Site . 
1091
SYR4 '' was subtitled '' Goodbye , 20th Century '' and featured works by avant-garde classical composers such as John Cage , Yoko Ono , Steve Reich , and Christian Wolff played by Sonic Youth along with several collaborators from the modern avant-garde music scene , such as Christian Marclay , William Winant , Wharton Tiers , Takehisa Kosugi and others . 
The Romans invented numerous surgical instruments , including the first instruments unique to women , as well as the surgical uses of forceps , scalpels , cautery , cross-bladed scissors , the surgical needle , the sound , and speculas . 
1092
In particular , the Delaunay triangulation avoids narrow triangles -LRB- as they have large circumcircles compared to their area -RRB- . 
1 -RRB- Searle 's room ca n't pass the Turing test , because formal symbol manipulation -LRB- by a Turing complete machine -RRB- is not enough , or -LRB- 2 -RRB- Searle 's room '' could '' pass the Turing test , but the Turing test is not sufficient to determine if the room has a '' mind . '' 
1093
The jurisdiction of the federal government in the realm of criminal law was narrow , until the late 19th century when the Interstate Commerce Act and Sherman Antitrust Act were passed . 
This allows several feeder funds -LRB- e.g. , an offshore corporate fund , a U.S. limited partnership and a unit trust -RRB- to invest into the same master fund , allowing an investment manager the benefit of managing the assets of a single entity while giving all investors the best possible tax treatment . 
1094
Thus , extending a superclass by modifying the existing class is also likely to narrow its applicability in various situations . 
In the east , it connects to the Baltic Sea via the Skagerrak and Kattegat , narrow straits that separate Denmark from Norway and Sweden respectively . 
1095
Because the oscillation modes of the Mediterranean Sea and the Baltic Sea do not coincide with any significant astronomical forcing period , the largest tides are close to their narrow connections with the Atlantic Ocean . 
Thus , seawater flow is eastward in the Strait 's surface waters , and westward below ; once in the Atlantic , this chemically distinct '' Mediterranean Intermediate Water '' can persist thousands of kilometers away from its source . 
1096
The Swiss therefore do not form a nation in the sense of a common ethnic or linguistic identity . 
Foreign Defence Relations . 
1097
According to a press release , while many areas across the nation are struggling with drought conditions , Dayton is drought-free . 
The terms of surrender finally proposed by the Real Audencia , agreed to by the British leaders , and signed by the Spanish under their Royal Seal , secured private property , guaranteed the Roman Catholic religion and its episcopal government , and granted the citizens of the former Spanish colony the rights of peaceful travel and of trade ' as British subjects ' . 
1098
Intelligent design proponents say that although evidence pointing to the nature of an '' intelligent cause or agent '' may not be directly observable , its effects on nature can be detected . 
Ascorbate is a powerful reducing agent capable of rapidly scavenging a number of reactive oxygen species -LRB- ROS -RRB- . 
1099
According to some Christian and other mono-theistic traditions , God is not '' all-powerful '' because He is bound by specific laws and guidelines that are a part of His fundamental nature . 
The scores of the relevant Characteristic + Skill make up the Target Number . 
1100
Historically the experience and discussion of erotic feelings during naturist activities such as dance and gymnastics played an important part in early Germanic naturism and formed part of its ' positive ' connection with nature . 
As a result of the weakness role of the Ministry of Manpower and Trade Unions to create a balance between the rights of workers and the interests of owners of companies in the private sector , privatization has led to worsening employment problems and deterioration in their working environment and health , and many workers have recently resorted to strike and picketing . 
1101
The anthropocentric view has been seen as the conservationist approach to the environment with nature viewed , at least in part , as resource to be used by man . 
Cayman Islands 1 , Chile 7 , China 39 , Croatia 11 , Denmark 4 , Ecuador 1 , Estonia 1 , Germany 437 , Greece 154 , Hong Kong 69 , India 5 , Indonesia 1 , Israel 1 , Italy 5 , Japan 90 , Latvia 20 , Man , Isle of 5 , Monaco 56 , Netherlands 12 , New Zealand 1 , Nigeria 1 , Norway 103 , Pakistan 1 , Portugal 5 , Russia 66 , Saudi Arabia 21 , Singapore 20 , Slovenia 1 , South Africa 1 , South Korea 10 , Spain . 
1102
The confusion occurs in part because migraine involves activation of the trigeminal nerves which innervate both the sinus region but also the meninges which surround the brain . 
Psychological exacerbation of symptoms . 
1103
In communication networks , such as Ethernet or packet radio , throughput or network throughput is the average rate of successful message delivery over a communication channel . 
This upgrade includes most of the new hardware from the APG-63 -LRB- V -RRB- 1 , but adds an AESA to provide increased pilot situational awareness . 
1104
The base is part of the U.S. Space Surveillance Network , with a three-telescope GEODSS station , and is a NASA Space Shuttle emergency landing site . 
When local area networks became widespread , it was natural that administrators and users would desire remote access to the news spool , and NNTP , the Network News Transfer Protocol , was developed to serve that need . 
1105
After the second season , The Comedy Channel and rival comedy cable network HA ! 
The proposal was revived in September 2009 when , in a leaked memo , it was suggested that local municipalities should implement a members-only system , whereby members can buy up to three grammes of hash or weed each with their Dutch bank card . 
1106
The Cascade-Correlation architecture has several advantages over existing algorithms : it learns very quickly , the network determines its own size and topology , it retains the structures it has built even if the training set changes , and it requires no back-propagation of error signals through the connections of the network . 
Privatization of housing and increasing freedom to make choices about education and employment severely weakened the work unit system that was once the basic cell of Communist Party control over society . 
1107
When Superman first appeared in comics -LRB- in 1938 's '' Action Comics '' # 1 -RRB- , his alter ego Clark Kent worked for a newspaper named the '' Daily Star '' , under editor George Taylor . 
After a commercial , each item is capped off by a '' Later this hour '' or '' Coming up next '' teaser featuring a headline joke in the usual Onion style , with the news reports also having a crawl in the lower-third similarly filled with joke headlines . 
1108
The term '' tabloid '' can also refer to a newspaper that tends to emphasize topics such as sensational crime stories , astrology , gossip columns about the personal lives of celebrities and sports stars , and junk food news . 
These columns , periodically collected into books by his principal publisher , Doubleday , helped make Asimov 's reputation as a '' Great Explainer '' of science , and were referred to by him as his only pop-science writing in which he never had to assume complete ignorance of the subjects at hand on the part of his readers . 
1109
The magazine 's features included Neopet games , stories , guides to the Flash games on the Neopets site , news on upcoming site events and merchandise , and drawings for readers . 
The commission , led by Blamoh Nelson , Director of the Cabinet , submitted its report on December 17 , 1998 , recommending a 6,000-strong armed forces -LRB- Army , 5,160 , Navy , 600 , and Air Force , 240 -RRB- but the proposal was never implemented . 
1110
-LSB- ... -RSB- And I have spent enough time on the inside of , well in the White House and you know , campaigns and I 've known enough people who do these things , think this way , to know that the public version of the news or whatever event , is never really what happened . '' 
On December 17th , Wizards president , Robb Heineman provided an update on the stadium situation published on team official website and blog , basically identifying the Kansas City Kansas location as final , pending the signature of the final agreements . 
1111
The Polish nobility enjoyed many rights that were not available to the noble classes of other countries and , typically , each new monarch conceded them further privileges . 
Napoleon then sends a diversionary infantry attack against Wellington 's right flank - the Chateau of Hougoumont - with the view to stretch the Allied line and to '' see the quality of this English aristocrat -LSB- Wellington -RSB- '' . 
1112
For a period around noon a station may play nonstop music or go to an all-request format for people eating lunch . 
He begins to see that although there is notional evidence of linear progression , basically he is living the same day over and over . 
1113
In England and Wales by 2000 pubs could legally open from 11am -LRB- 12 noon on Sundays -RRB- through to 11pm -LRB- 10.30 pm on Sundays -RRB- . 
Its grooves guide the strings onto the fretboard , giving consistent lateral string placement . 
1114
From the early 1990s to 2006 , the number of expected abortions per women during her lifetime fell by nearly 2.5 times , from 3.4 to 1.2 . 
As a result of popular discontent , the presidential candidate of the National Action Party -LRB- PAN -RRB- Vicente Fox Quesada won the federal election of July 2 , 2000 , but did not win a majority in the chambers of congress . 
1115
Reference counting is a form of automatic memory management where each object has a count of the number of references to it . 
Of the minority religions , Christianity has been particularly noted as one of the fastest growing -LRB- especially since the last 200 years -RRB- and today may number between 40 million -LRB- 3 % -RRB- and 54 million -LRB- 4 % -RRB- according to independent surveys , while official estimates suggested that there are only 16 million Christians . 
1116
Unlike all other centres in North America that employ physician and primarily nurse triage models , this hospital began the practice of employing Primary Care level paramedics to perform triage upon entry to the Emergency Department . 
Miriam came forward and asked Pharaoh 's daughter if she would like a Hebrew woman to nurse the baby . 
1117
Barry became a widower in 1985 , and in 1992 he married Susan Wechsler , a nurse 32 years his junior . 
The place is changed from Richmond , Surrey , to downtown New York City , where the Time Traveller moves forward in time to find answers to his questions on ' Practical Application of Time Travel ; ' first in 2030 New York , to witness an orbital lunar catastrophe in 2037 , before moving on to 802,701 for the main plot . 
1118
Thucydides noted that people who had recovered from a previous bout of the disease could nurse the sick without contracting the illness a second time . 
A number of adult stem cell therapies already exist , particularly bone marrow transplants that are used to treat leukemia . 
1119
Although some animals -LRB- dolphins and bats -RRB- have used sound for communication and object detection for millions of years , use by humans in the water is initially recorded by Leonardo Da Vinci in 1490 : a tube inserted into the water was said to be used to detect vessels by placing an ear to the tube . 
With such a small library of games to challenge the incumbent 16-bit game consoles , Jaguar 's appeal never grew beyond a small gaming audience . 
1120
Burke did not seek '' to give praise or blame to any thing which relates to human actions , and human concerns , on a simple view of the object in all the nakedness and solitude of metaphysical abstraction '' . 
Sequences shot overseas have proved a real box office draw , so Mumbai film crews are increasingly filming in Australia , Canada , New Zealand , the United Kingdom , the United States , continental Europe and elsewhere . 
1121
A zero-ing weak subsystem is also provided such that pointers marked as '' __ weak '' are set to zero when the object -LRB- or more simply , GC memory -RRB- is collected . 
The old intercalary month , the Mensis Intercalaris , was abolished and replaced with a single intercalary day at the same point -LRB- i.e. five days before the end of Februarius -RRB- . 
1122
Euan MacKie , recognizing that Thom 's theories needed to be tested , excavated at the Kintraw standing stone site in Argyllshire in 1970 and 1971 to check whether the latter 's prediction of an observation platform on the hill slope above the stone was correct . 
Of the old mosques in the city , Mustapha Pasha Mosque is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful buildings of Ottoman architecture in Skopje . 
1123
In either case the observation element usually controls fire in detail against the target , such as adjusting it onto the target , moving it and co-ordinating it with the supported arm as necessary to achieve the required effects . 
Nevertheless there are a large number of dance music stations available both on the internet and on satellite radio , mostly specializing in various forms of electronica . 
1124
Do n't You Remember When '' , and he inspired another De Paul song , '' If I Do n't Get You The Next One Will '' , which she described as being about revenge after he missed a dinner appointment with her because he was asleep in his office . 
Broadly backed by a diverse array of student groups and many notable faculty members the Committee Against Investment in South Africa held numerous teach-ins and demonstrations through the year focused on the trustees ties to the corporations doing business with South Africa . 
1125
Upon taking office in 2004 , President Hockfield launched an Energy Research Council to investigate how MIT can respond to the interdisciplinary challenges of increasing global energy consumption . 
In the 19th century , the replacement of the hand-operated Gutenberg-style press by steam-powered rotary presses allowed printing on an industrial scale , while Western-style printing was adopted all over the world , becoming practically the sole medium for modern bulk printing . 
1126
The tobacco , jewelry , medical , and pharmaceutical sectors in the FTZs all reported increases for 2006 , which somewhat offset textile and garment losses . 
The tail was heavy and long , sometimes containing over forty vertebrae , in order to balance the massive head and torso . 
1127
This advantage is not unique to cable cars , as electric cars with regenerative braking offer the same advantages , and in any case they must be offset against the cost of moving the cable . 
In his first term , he froze government hiring and approved tax hikes to balance the budget . 
1128
The Doppler velocity is computed as a function of the frequency offset from the carrier nominal frequency . 
During the trial Nichols acknowledged receiving $ 42,000 from the FBI in connection with her cooperation on the case , money she explained was compensation for her expenses in traveling to collect evidence by wearing a wire while visiting her ex-husband , Dennis Banks . 
1129
A virtual address consists of a segment number and an offset within the segment . 
Some years later , he wrote a forcible preface to a translation of the New Testament issued at his command by his private secretary , Hieronymus Emser , as an offset to Luther 's version . 
1130
It is difficult to predict the oil peak in any given region , due to the lack of knowledge and/or transparency in accounting of global oil reserves . 
Oil paint has a higher pigment load because it is able to absorb substantially more pigment than acrylic because linseed oil has a smaller molecule than does acrylic . 
1131
On April 4 , 1988 , the Expos Opening Day , Darryl Strawberry hit a ball off a speaker which hangs off a concrete ring at Olympic Stadium , estimated to have traveled 525 feet . '' 
This proved an excellent social opening for Beatty , who established a longstanding relationship with the Duke 's eldest daughter , Marie , and with other members of the court . '' 
1132
If '' c '' equals the distance from the center to either focus , then The foci for an east-west opening hyperbola are given by and for a north-south opening hyperbola are given by The directrices for an east-west opening hyperbola are given by and for a north-south opening hyperbola are given by Cartesian -LRB- rectangular hyperbola with horizontal/vertical asymptotes -RRB- . 
Meanwhile , a rift was forming at Harvard between its sixth president Increase Mather and the rest of the Harvard clergy , whom Mather viewed as increasingly liberal , ecclesiastically lax , and overly broad in Church polity . 
1133
Under this interpretation , the opening phrase is considered essential as a pre-condition for the main clause . 
Landbirds have a flight range of around and shorebirds can fly up to , although the Bar-tailed Godwit is capable of non-stop flights of up to . 
1134
Townshend removed '' I 'm a Boy '' from an initially projected rock opera , the first sign of which came in the 1966 album '' A Quick One '' , which included the storytelling medley '' A Quick One While He 's Away '' , which they referred to as a mini-opera . 
Industries can also be identified by product : chemical industry , petroleum industry , automotive industry , meatpacking industry , hospitality industry , food industry , fish industry , software industry , paper industry , entertainment industry , semiconductor industry , cultural industry , poverty industry ISIC . 
1135
In addition there is now a Salieri Opera Festival sponsored by the Fondazione Culturale Antonio Salieri and dedicated to rediscovering his work and those of his contemporaries . 
Musical societies . 
1136
The '' Stopera '' is the homebase of De Nederlandse Opera , Het Nationale Ballet and the '' Holland Symfonia '' . 
It later won them a Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance . 
1137
Operation and applications . 
national legislation and enforcement ; better reporting by Parties -LRB- and the consolidation of information from all sources-NGOs , TRAFFIC , the wildlife trade monitoring network and Parties -RRB- ; more emphasis on enforcement-including a technical committee enforcement officer ; the development of CITES Action Plans -LRB- akin to Biodiversity Action Plans related to the Convention on Biological Diversity -RRB- including : designation of Scientific/Management Authorities and national enforcement strategies ; incentives for reporting and timelines for both Action Plans and reporting . 
1138
By the early 1990s , all major ABC broadcasting outlets moved to 24 hour-a-day operation , while regional radio coverage in Australia was extended with 80 new transmitters . 
Operation Banner ended at midnight on 31 July 2007 , making it the longest continuous deployment in the British Army 's history , lasting some thirty-eight years . 
1139
Still without a male heir , Aegeus asked the Oracle at Delphi for advice . 
In Christianity , the term '' historicism '' refers to the confessional Protestant form of prophetical interpretation which holds that the fulfillment of biblical prophecy has taken place throughout history and continues to take place today ; as opposed to other methods which limit the time-frame of prophecy-fulfillment to the past or to the future . 
1140
The most famous version was orchestrated by Sir Edward Elgar in 1922 for a large orchestra at the Leeds Festival . 
The Astros were poised to close-out the series in Houston , but the Cardinals managed to score three runs in the top of the 9th with a monstrous 3-run home run by Albert Pujols off Brad Lidge with two outs . 
1141
Once the vector is obtained , it can be used to transform the target organism . 
Scientists do not agree on how much sleep debt it is possible to accumulate ; whether it is accumulated against an individual 's average sleep or some other benchmark ; nor on whether the prevalence of sleep debt among adults has changed appreciably in the industrialized world in recent decades . 
1142
Over consumption generally refers to the long-term consumption of excess sustenance in relation to the energy that an organism expends or expels , leading to poor health and in animals obesity . 
Most are now recognised as part of the Kuiper belt , a swarm of icy bodies left over from the Solar System 's formation that orbit near the ecliptic plane beyond Neptune . 
1143
Aluminium oxide , Al2O3 , occurs naturally as corundum , and can be made by burning aluminium in oxygen or by heating the hydroxide , nitrate or sulfate . 
Thickening agents such as tar , strips of tire tubing , sugar , animal blood , XPS foam , egg whites , motor oil , rubber cement , and dish soap have been added to help the burning liquid adhere to the target and create clouds of thick choking smoke . 
1144
Enterprising users used Blu Tack , tape , and other adhesives to support the RAM pack so that it did not wobble . 
Chief Joseph Pfeifer and his crew with Battalion 1 were among the first on the scene . 
1145
Roman landholders beyond the confines of city walls were also vulnerable to extreme changes , and they could not simply pack up their land and move elsewhere . 
The doctor asks him to fill out numerous senseless forms before he will administer treatment -LRB- a joke later incorporated into the Vogons ' obsession with paperwork -RRB- . 
1146
We 're just right now finishing the last couple of notes on the new record , and Andy 's getting ready to pack his bags and head up to Los Angeles tomorrow to get ready to fly back home on Thursday . 
While attempting to flee the house , she encounters Ben -LRB- Duane Jones -RRB- , who arrives in a pickup truck and defends the house against another pack of zombies . 
1147
Panorama of Frankfurt seen from the Maintower observation deck History . 
The position of some academic literature regards '' Blitzkrieg '' as a myth . 
1148
Although much of the most groundbreaking economic research in history involved concepts rather than math , today it is nearly impossible to publish a non-mathematical paper in top economic journals . 
As the pen moves across the paper surface , capillary wicking draws the ink from the foam , down the rod , and onto the paper . 
1149
The possible confounding effects of contamination of parent and daughter isotopes have to be considered , as do the effects of any loss or gain of such isotopes since the sample was created . 
The buds grow into fully matured individuals which eventually break away from the parent organism . 
1150
Landlocked Afghanistan has almost no railways , but the Amu Darya -LRB- Oxus -RRB- River , which forms part of Afghanistan 's border with Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , and Tajikistan , does have barge traffic . 
Some roads in Ohio that conform to freeway criteria use at-grade intersections in lieu of over/under-passes , with occasional interchanges to avoid signalized traffic interruption -LRB- i.e. , traffic lights are omitted -RRB- . 
1151
Each dwelling usually has at least one of these tanks forming part of its foundation . 
The administrative unit itself has a population of 197,700 , which forms part of the wider Portsmouth conurbation , with an estimated 442,252 residents within the wider urban area , making it the 11th largest urban area in England . 
1152
In 1866 , following the Third Italian War of Independence , Venice , along with the rest of the Veneto , became part of the newly created Kingdom of Italy . 
Though similar to Japanese culture in many ways , the Ryukyuan culture has had a much larger influence from China than other parts of Japan , due to its geographical position in relation to the east coast of China and the island of Taiwan . 
1153
Mercantilists viewed the economic system as a zero-sum game , in which any gain by one party required a loss by another . 
It also debuted on the Billboard Hot Dance Singles Sales Chart at # 3 peaking at # 1 . 
1154
A cocktail party was held at the Gardens Restaurant at 4311 Magnolia Avenue in Burbank , California . 
The chairman of the RNC is chosen by the President when the Republicans have the White House or otherwise by the Party 's state committees . 
1155
Party factionalism , corruption , personal rivalries , scandals , and political instability characterized the Sadiq regime . 
While at university , he joined the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and soon became very active within it . 
1156
Another change in rules occurred on January 18 , 1951 which established that no center , tackle , or guard could receive a forward pass . 
The fundamental accomplishment has been the establishment of over 25 well-monitored tiger reserves in reclaimed land where human development is categorically forbidden . 
1157
These techniques were employed in games by the 1913 Notre Dame squad and subsequent Harper - and Rockne-coached teams and included many common features in modern passing techniques , including having the passer throw the ball overhand and having the receiver run under a football and catch the ball in-stride . 
This event was quickly followed by the death of Ivan Rios , another member of FARC-EP 's seven-man Secretariat , less than a week later , by the hand of his own bodyguard . 
1158
Sometimes , the use of a stopper knot or , even better , a backup knot can prevent the working end from passing through the knot ; but if a knot is observed to slip , it is generally preferable to use a more secure knot . 
It exists in both positive -LRB- generally structured in the form of '' do to others what you would like to be done to you '' -RRB- and negative form -LRB- structured in the form of '' do not do to others what you would not like to be done to you '' -RRB- . 
1159
After passing word to conserve electricity , he has his radioman send an SOS to Berlin for aid . 
Another step forward came on 17 June 2009 when it was reported that for the unity and future of the Cornish language a decision was made by the bards of the Cornish Gorsedd at their annual meeting under the leadership of Grand Bard Vanessa Beeman . 
1160
At the time of the Prayer Book rebellion of 1549 , which was a reaction to Parliament passing the first Act of Uniformity , people in many areas of Cornwall did not speak or understand English -LRB- the intention of the Act was to replace worship in Latin with worship in English , which was known , by the lawmakers , not to be universally spoken throughout . 
This made passing the ball easier , as was its intent , but made the drop kick obsolete , as the more pointed ball did not bounce up from the ground reliably . 
1161
Again , in a closely held business the shareholders can incur this profit damage rather than passing it to the workers . 
Rockies second baseman Clint Barmes , playing in , made a miraculous over the shoulder diving catch after a long run , and doubled off Albert Pujols , who thought the ball would drop and was nearly at 3rd base , to end the game . 
1162
Passing can be signalled by tapping twice on the table or by saying '' go '' or '' pass '' . 
Filipina songstress , Jaya -LRB- Maria Luisa Ramsey -RRB- peaked at number 44 in 1990 , with her hit , '' If You Leave Me Now . '' 
1163
For example , plants have alternative NADH oxidases , which oxidize NADH in the cytosol rather than in the mitochondrial matrix , and pass these electrons to the ubiquinone pool . 
From south to north they are : BC Highway 3 through the Crowsnest Pass , the Vermilion Pass and the Kicking Horse Pass , the latter being used by the Trans-Canada Highway entering Alberta through Banff National Park , the Yellowhead Highway through Jasper National Park , and Highway 2 through Dawson Creek . 
1164
He was also notable for his patronage of the arts , especially of painting . 
Officially , the church does not prohibit clergy-performed blessing ceremonies for same sex unions , as long as it clear that the blessing ritual is not a marriage ceremony . 
1165
John the Baptist is very often shown on altarpieces designed for churches dedicated to him , or where the donor patron was named for him or there was some other connection of patronage - John was the patron saint of Florence , among many other cities , which means he features among the supporting saints in many important works . 
In the 20th century , religious existentialists proposed that revelation held no content in and of itself ; rather , they hold that God inspired people with His presence by coming into contact with them . 
1166
The -LRB- initially hypothetical -RRB- band was named '' Sophistifuck &amp; The Revlon Spam Queens , '' with Beahm -LRB- then ' Bobby Pyn , ' and later Darby Crash -RRB- on vocals , Ruthenberg -LRB- then and later called Pat Smear -RRB- on guitar , an early member named '' Dinky '' -LRB- Diana Grant -RRB- on bass , and Michelle Baer playing drums . 
After the release of '' Steamboat Willie '' , Walt Disney would continue to successfully use sound in all of his future cartoons , and Cinephone became the new distributor for Disney 's early sound cartoons as well . 
1167
Such characters have included Pat , Tiffany Mitchell , Kat Moon and Stacey Slater . 
Alfred , Bruce Wayne 's loyal butler , father figure , and one of the few to know his secret identity , '' -LSB- lends -RSB- a homey touch to Batman 's environs and -LSB- is -RSB- ever ready to provide a steadying and reassuring hand '' to the hero and his sidekick . 
1168
Although the coins were no longer minted , it remained the legal currency in Jersey until 1837 when dwindling supplies of livres tournois and consequent difficulties in trade and payment obliged the adoption of the pound sterling as legal tender . 
Put simply , Roosevelt persuaded Congress that repayment for this immensely costly service would take the form of defending the US ; and so Lend-lease was born . 
1169
South Korea 's government came to be dominated by its military and a relative peace was punctuated by border skirmishes and assassination attempts . 
The 1858 Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and Japan protected '' American citizens '' and also used the term '' American '' . 
1170
The organization has six principal organs : the General Assembly -LRB- the main deliberative assembly -RRB- ; the Security Council -LRB- for deciding certain resolutions for peace and security -RRB- ; the Economic and Social Council -LRB- for assisting in promoting international economic and social cooperation and development -RRB- ; the Secretariat -LRB- for providing studies , information , and facilities needed by the UN -RRB- ; the International Court of Justice -LRB- the primary judicial . 
Without the protection of the Earth 's atmosphere , astronauts are exposed to higher levels of radiation from a steady flux of cosmic rays . 
1171
To foster common bonds with all persons of good will , he decreed an annual peace day to be celebrated on January first of every year . 
structural reform program includes : -LRB- a -RRB- privatization and , where appropriate , liquidation of state-owned enterprises -LRB- SOEs -RRB- ; -LRB- b -RRB- liberalization of agricultural policies , including creating conditions for the development of a land market ; -LRB- c -RRB- reform of the country 's social insurance programs ; and -LRB- d -RRB- reforms to strengthen contract enforcement and fight crime and corruption . 
1172
Florus ' report of the peace brought to Germany by Drusus is glowing but premature . 
The Third Seven-Year Plan gave a great deal of attention to developing foreign trade and joint ventures , the first time a plan has addressed these issues . 
1173
&lt; ref name = '' UMICH_Early '' &gt; His father , an illiterate but wealthy businessman , owned a women 's clothing store employing 400 people . 
The 2007 VEISHEA festivities marked the start of Iowa State 's year-long sesquicentennial celebration . 
1174
It is called the Pine Tree State ; ninety percent of its land is forested . 
The Treaty of 1818 established joint British and American occupancy of the region west of the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific Ocean . 
1175
It took decades to perfect methods of creating crystals without defects in the crystalline structure of the semiconducting material . 
As the hardest known naturally occurring material , diamond can be used to polish , cut , or wear away any material , including other diamonds . 
1176
For example , a non-identity finite group is simple if and only if it is isomorphic to all of its non-identity homomorphic images , a finite group is perfect if and only if it has no normal subgroups of prime index , and a group is imperfect if and only if the derived subgroup is not supplemented by any proper normal subgroup . 
It is not by an unbroken succession of drinking bouts and of revelry , not by sexual lust , nor the enjoyment of fish , and other delicacies of a luxurious table , which produce a pleasant life ; it is sober reasoning , searching out the grounds of every choice and avoidance , and . 
1177
In 1986 , Harrison made a surprise performance at the Birmingham Heart Beat Charity Concert 1986 a concert event to raise money for the Birmingham Children 's Hospital . 
Grant claimed that the Necronomicon existed as an astral book as part of the Akashic records and could be accessed through ritual magic or in dreams . 
1178
Throughout its history , Itanium has had the best floating point performance relative to fixed-point performance of any general-purpose microprocessor . 
In 1961 , years before meeting Lennon , she had her first major public performance in a concert at the 258-seat Carnegie Recital Hall -LRB- not the larger '' Main Hall '' -RRB- . 
1179
The AFP is a volunteer force and has a total active strength of 113,500 with 131,000 personnel in reserve . 
It was during this period that current City Planning Department Director Amanda Burden worked on Battery Park City . 
1180
Civilian Personnel . 
The fact that some retired police officers obstructed the investigation and refused to co-operate with the Police Ombudsman is very serious in itself . 
1181
Mobile phone technology . 
Perceived quality can be influenced by listening environment -LRB- ambient noise -RRB- , listener attention , and listener training and in most cases by listener audio equipment -LRB- such as sound cards , speakers and headphones -RRB- . 
1182
The line between chemists and chemical engineers is growing ever more thin as more and more chemical engineers begin to start their own innovation using their knowledge of chemistry , physics and mathematics to create , implement and mass produce their ideas . 
In 1939 , Russell Marker , a professor of organic chemistry at Pennsylvania State University , developed a method of synthesizing progesterone from plant steroid sapogenins , initially using sarsapogenin from sarsaparilla , which proved too expensive . 
1183
Contemporary research in physics can be broadly divided into condensed matter physics ; atomic , molecular , and optical physics ; particle physics ; astrophysics ; geophysics and biophysics . 
At room temperature , the proton spins of hydrogen gas are aligned 75 % of the time , resulting in orthohydrogen . 
1184
The annual red crab mass migration -LRB- around 100 million animals -RRB- to the sea to spawn has been called one of the wonders of the natural world and takes place each year around November ; after the start of the wet season and in synchronisation with the cycle of the moon . 
Airships have some advantages for solar-powered flight : they do not require power to remain aloft , and an airship 's envelope presents a large area to the Sun . 
1185
In 1926 , Hughes was appointed by Governor Alfred E. Smith to be the chairman of a '' State Reorganization Commission '' through which Smith 's plan to place the Governor as the head of a rationalized state government , was accomplished , bringing to realization what Hughes himself had envisioned . 
However , the Supreme Court has ruled that Congress does have latitude to delegate regulatory powers to executive agencies as long as it provides an '' intelligible principle '' which governs the agency 's exercise of the delegated regulatory authority . 
1186
With the climax of the film taking place on the dome of the British Museum , '' Blackmail '' began the Hitchcock tradition of using famous landmarks as a backdrop for suspense sequences . 
While in the city , there are many buses and taxi services one can take to get from place to place , but most of the locals choose to walk to their destinations . 
1187
Euan MacKie would place the origin even later , stating : '' ... the genesis and modern flowering of archaeoastronomy must surely lie in the work of Alexander Thom in Britain between the 1930s and the 1970s . 
In a society with substantial corruption , privatization allows the government currently in power and its backers to siphon a large portion of the entire net present value of state assets away from the public and into the accounts of their favored power brokers . 
1188
Geographically part of the Tibetan Plateau , Aksai Chin is referred to as the Soda Plain . 
Knit and purl stitches . 
1189
Western Darfur is an undulating plain dominated by the volcanic massif of Jabal Marrah towering 900 meters above the Sudanic plain ; the drainage from Jabal Marrah onto the plain can support a settled population and a variety of wildlife -LRB- see East Saharan montane xeric woodlands -RRB- . 
The '' Llano Costero del Caribe '' -LRB- '' Caribbean Coastal Plain '' -RRB- is the largest of the plains in the Dominican Republic . 
1190
Such x86 implementations are seldom plain copies but often employ different internal microarchitectures as well as different solutions at the electronic and physical levels . 
However , this story fails on several obvious accounts , including Stalin 's remaining religious , even pious , for some years longer . 
1191
The person in the lower position is expected to use a polite form of speech , whereas the other might use a more plain form . 
They were often made of clay and rather plain . '' '' 
1192
Outraged by many rock and roll and drug connections that could be made from the image , the publishers changed the cover to plain red , though they included a picture of him playing drums in the foreword . 
The case made the cover of a limited print run of '' Life Magazine '' before the presses were stopped to report the death of three astronauts in the '' Apollo 1 '' fire instead . 
1193
Such x86 implementations are seldom plain copies but often employ different internal microarchitectures as well as different solutions at the electronic and physical levels . 
Musical accompaniment may be as simple as clapping hands and stomping feet , but traditional instruments include bells worn by dancers , clappers , drums and talking drums , flutes , horns , rattles , scrapers , stringed instruments , whistles , and xylophones ; the exact combination varies with ethnic group and region . 
1194
Weather is also influenced by the seasons , which result from the Earth 's axis being tilted relative to its orbital plane . 
In July 2009 , Honda launched in the Brazilian market its third flexible-fuel car , the Honda City . 
1195
Whether they converge in front of or behind the viewer depends on whether the lens plane is in front of or behind the center of the circle respectively . 
Police found the sign , cut into three parts , in northern Poland two days later in the home of one of five men who were arrested . 
1196
Hades knew of their plan to capture his wife , so he pretended to offer them hospitality and set a feast ; as soon as the pair sat down , snakes coiled around their feet and held them there . 
The gaming device was the brainchild of long-time Nintendo employee Gunpei Yokoi , who was the person behind the '' Ultra Hand '' , an expanding arm toy created and produced by Nintendo in 1970 , long before Nintendo would enter the video game market . 
1197
It is not difficult to see that even in the off-axis case a circle can appear circular , namely when the image plane -LRB- and hence lens plane -RRB- is parallel to the plane of the circle . 
Yamamoto rushed planning for the Midway and Aleutians missions , while dispatching a force under Naval Major-General Takeo Takagi , including the Fifth Carrier Division -LRB- the large , new carriers and -RRB- , to support the effort to seize the islands of Tulagi and Guadalcanal for seaplane and airplane bases , and the town of Port Moresby on Papua New Guinea 's south coast facing Australia . 
1198
Stars with large debris disks have altered astronomical thinking about planet formation ; debris disk stars , where dust is continually generated by collisions , appear to form planets readily . 
They believe that the star , dubbed the '' Champagne Supernova '' by University of Oklahoma astronomer David R. Branch , may have been spinning so fast that centrifugal force allowed it to exceed the limit . 
1199
Double planet '' is an informal term used to describe a planet with a moon that may be large enough to be considered a planet in its own right ; one definition requires that the objects orbit a center of gravity that is above their surfaces . 
, there are 31 actively broadcasting satellites in the GPS constellation , and two older , retired from active service satellites kept in the constellation as orbital spares . 
1200
For example , the second law applies both to a planet and to a falling stone . 
In a two-page letter , published posthumously by the Austrian Press Agency the day after he died , Waldheim admitted making '' mistakes '' -LRB- '' but these were certainly not those of a follower let alone an accomplice of a criminal regime '' -RRB- and asked his critics for forgiveness . 
1201
At present , the planet 55 Cancri f , which is the fifth planet found in the 55 Cancri system , is the only planet to have '' f '' in its name , the highest letter currently in use . 
One of their other major songs from this album was '' Galaxy Bounce '' , which was popular and featured as the main title music for the Xbox game '' Project Gotham Racing '' , it was also included on the soundtrack for the movie adaptation of Tomb Raider . '' 
1202
The alternative theory of panspermia is that the first elements of life may have formed on another planet with even more favorable conditions -LRB- or even in interstellar space , asteroids , etc. -RRB- and then have been carried over to Earth by a variety of means . 
The name '' Sinhala '' translates to '' lion people '' and refers to the myths regarding the descent of the legendary founder of the Sinhalese people , the prince Vijaya . 
1203
Also suppose that this observer is within the plane of the planet 's equator . 
The format is the same as the integer operate format except for the replacement of the 5-bit Rb field and the 3 bits of unused space with an 8-bit literal field which is zero-extended to a 64-bit operand . 
1204
Every part of the planet , from the polar ice caps to the Equator , supports life of some kind . 
With the high infrared energy input from the central star ideal conditions are formed in these circumstellar envelopes for maser excitation . 
1205
Even before the negotiation process starts , people in a positive mood have more confidence , and higher tendencies to plan to use a cooperative strategy . 
The session produced the moody , unusual '' Heartbreak Hotel '' , released as a single on January 27 . 
1206
The government is planning to start the process for licensing a second national operator for voice and transport services by 2008 , with a view to this company starting operations in 2009 . 
LeMay started shortly after his arrival at SAC , by having SAC planners draw up Emergency War Plan 1-49 , which involved striking seventy Soviet cities with 133 atomic bombs over a thirty day period in an effort to destroy Soviet industrial capacity . 
1207
One of his first priorities was planning Christopher Street Liberation Day . 
This is done for most of the length of this film by moving jointed cut-outs of the figures frame by frame between the exposures , just as Porter moved his letters . 
1208
They plan to release 10 titles each year , starting in 2010 . 
Indonesia also plan to buy landing craft ships from Russia . 
1209
On 1 January 1912 , he was officially inaugurated and pledged '' to overthrow the despotic Manchu government , consolidate the Republic of China and plan for the welfare of the people '' . 
The two assault brigades started their attack at 1.05 a.m. on 2 November and gained most of their objectives to schedule and with moderate losses . 
1210
Typical RGB output devices are TV sets of various technologies -LRB- CRT , LCD , plasma , etc. -RRB- , computer and mobile phone displays , video projectors , multicolor LED displays , and large screens as JumboTron , etc. . 
Gamma rays received by the retina are sent directly to a part of the brain called the Cingulate Sulcus that controls most of the muscles in the body . 
1211
Bluegrass and other music has roots in Irish folk , and some Irish punk bands such as Flogging Molly have multiple members , some of which play the fiddle , banjo , and the accordion . 
While Spock makes it clear that the events during the period of Surak are well documented -LRB- '' The Savage Curtain '' -RRB- , he is completely uncertain in regard to the origin of the Romulans : '' If the Romulans are an offshoot of my Vulcan blood -- and I think this likely -- then attack becomes even more imperative . 
1212
She has periodically also played piano , electric piano , and organ on her releases , and on her album '' Made in China '' -LRB- 2005 -RRB- she played drums for the first time . 
The chairman of the Senate , under the constitution , is next in line to act as president should the office become vacant and until such time as a new president can be formally elected . 
1213
Of the approximately 2,350 shows the Grateful Dead played , almost 2,200 were taped , and most of these are available online . 
On another occasion while still a Beatle , Lennon was asked how he might die . 
1214
Tourism also began to play an important role in the economy . 
When a team shoots foul shots , the opponents may not interfere with the shooter , nor may they try to regain possession until the last or potentially last free throw is in the air . 
1215
Originally , the project 's proposed title was '' Hammer Time '' , both a play on the catchphrase made popular by artist MC Hammer and the name of the fictional fix-it show within the series , which was also called '' Hammer Time '' . 
In the fall of 2004 , Ozzy Osbourne 's reality show '' Battle for Ozzfest '' aired ; the show hosted competitions between bands vying to play as part of Ozzfest , a yearly heavy metal music tour across the United States hosted by Osbourne . 
1216
In 1998 , Mobb Deep appeared on Method Man 's sophomore album , ' , on the song '' Play IV Keeps , '' which was produced by Mobb Deep producer Havoc . 
The Cossacks were offered an elected hetman post , a sixty thousand registry and possession of landed estates . 
1217
Moreover , many Egyptians feel their votes are being monitored by poll workers , and could face retribution for their votes . 
Experts have debated whether these skeletons belong to the species '' Homo erectus '' , '' Homo heidelbergensis '' , or a new species called '' Homo antecessor '' . 
1218
Empire '' magazine ranked Walter Sobchak # 49 and the Dude # 7 in their '' The 100 Greatest Movie Characters '' poll . 
According to the Eurobarometer Poll 2005 , 47 % of German citizens agreed with the statement '' I believe there is a God '' , whereas 25 % agreed with '' I believe there is some sort of spirit or life force '' and 25 % said '' I do not believe there is . 
1219
Using the operetta music of Sullivan -LRB- arranged by Charles Mackerras -RRB- and '' The Bumboat Woman 's Story '' by Gilbert , John Cranko 's 1951 ballet '' Pineapple Poll '' is set at the quayside in Portsmouth . 
The '' nata de coco '' is sliced into thin strips to make it easier to pass through a straw . 
1220
Upon the York senate 's affirmation of the policy , he pledged that he would teach on those days anyway , but later decided instead to poll students in his courses , asking if they wished future classes to be cancelled out of respect for other religious holidays . 
After his death the College of Cardinals was pressured by a Roman mob , which broke into the voting chamber , to vote an Italian Pope into the papacy . 
1221
During the late 1980s and 1990s she became one of the first gospel artists to cross over into mainstream pop , on the heels of her successful albums '' Unguarded '' and '' Heart in Motion '' , the latter of which included the number-one single '' Baby Baby . '' 
Presley , at 20 , was still a minor , so his father signed the contract . 
1222
Janet Jackson became the inaugural honoree of the '' mtvICON '' award , '' an annual recognition of artists who have made significant contributions to music , music video and pop culture while tremendously impacting the MTV generation . '' 
A key component of the '' RuneQuest '' combat system was hit location . 
1223
Up until the emergence of Pop Art , Surrealism can be seen to have been the single most important influence on the sudden growth in American arts , and even in Pop , some of the humor manifested in Surrealism can be found , often turned to a cultural criticism . 
However , other features are required when classifying fossils , since soft tissue glands and some other features are not visible in fossils . 
1224
This considerable population growth rate led , before the Industrial Revolution , to a pauperization of the rural population , for each generation inherited smaller and smaller shares . 
However , Bangladesh continues to face a number of major challenges , including widespread political and bureaucratic corruption , economic competition relative to the world , serious overpopulation , widespread poverty , and an increasing danger of hydrologic shocks brought on by ecological vulnerability to climate change . 
1225
Biya has clashed with the government of Nigeria over possession of the Bakassi peninsula and with Gabon 's president , El Hadj Omar Bongo , over personal rivalries . 
In the UK , they are often referred to by the name of their department , the Criminal Investigation Department -LRB- CID -RRB- . 
1226
Though possessing arms appears to be distinct from '' bearing '' them , the possession of arms is recognized as necessary for and a logical precursor to the bearing of arms . 
Experts point to potential legal liabilities that the shooter incurs if using handloaded ammunition for defense , such as an implied malice on the part of the shooter , as the use of handloaded ammunition may give the impression that '' regular bullets were n't deadly enough '' . 
1227
Unlike other lenders , though , the pawnbroker does not report the defaulted loan on the customer 's credit report , since the pawnbroker has physical possession of the item and may recoup the loan value through outright sale of the item . 
Syrinx travels to the world of Atlantis , a world covered by water , inhabited by floating ' islands ' which themselves are sentient only to discover that the possession has also begun there . 
1228
Though officially classified as a '' probable suicide '' , the possibility of an accidental overdose , as well as the possibility of homicide , have not been ruled out . 
Two follow-ups to '' Star Wars '' , three to '' Jaws '' , and three Indiana Jones films helped to make sequels of successful films more of an expectation than ever before . 
1229
then the theory is non-consistent : for example , in quantum electrodynamics , had there been a gauge anomaly , this would require the appearance of photons with longitudinal polarization and polarization in the time direction , the latter having a negative norm , rendering the theory inconsistent ; another possibility would be for these photons to appear only in intermediate processes but not in the final products of any interaction , making the theory non unitary and again inconsistent -LRB- see optical theorem -RRB- . 
Lennon was 18 years old when he wrote his first , '' Hello Little Girl '' ; it would be a UK top 10 hit for the Fourmost nearly five years later . 
1230
The potato is a starchy , tuberous crop from the perennial '' Solanum tuberosum '' of the Solanaceae family -LRB- also known as the nightshades -RRB- . 
Pope Urban I 's feast day is on 25 May and he is invoked against storm and lightning and represented by : Vine and grapes ; a fallen idol beneath broken column ; a scourge ; a stake and his severed head . 
1231
A still common system is the English Engineering Units in which the mass reference is pound mass and the temperature is specified in degrees Fahrenheit or Rankine . 
To investigate the feasibility of such a tax they hired the City of London firm Intelligence Capital , who found that a tax on Pound sterling wherever it was traded in the world , as opposed to a tax on all currencies traded in the UK , was indeed feasible and could be unilaterally implemented by the UK government . 
1232
Early church practice . 
With this new law the old formalism is being abandoned and new more flexible principles of '' ius gentium '' are used . 
1233
Laws regarding who can practice midwifery and in what circumstances vary from state to state . 
Educational psychology is the study of how humans learn in educational settings , the effectiveness of educational interventions , the psychology of teaching , and the social psychology of schools as organizations . 
1234
Thus , contemporary Thelemites may practice more than one religion , including Discordianism , Wicca , Gnosticism , Satanism , Setianism , and Luciferianism . 
The practice served to eroticise and highlight the beauty of the male body . 
1235
Starting in 1914 , in an effort to protect elk populations , the U.S. Congress appropriated funds to be used for the purposes of '' destroying wolves , prairie dogs , and other animals injurious to agriculture and animal husbandry '' on public lands . 
Mixed production systems use grassland , fodder crops and grain feed crops as feed for ruminant and monogastic -LRB- one stomach ; mainly chickens and pigs -RRB- livestock . 
1236
The doctrine of precedent developed under the inquisitorial system in England during the 12th and 13th centuries , as the collective judicial decisions that were based in tradition , custom and precedent . 
In a Spanish case , a 69 year-old male without known antecedent presented with a clinical loss of distal force in his lower limbs during the last two months . 
1237
This order set the precedent that was to be repeated many times throughout history , where a political ruler would allow the Menists or Mennonites into his/her state because they were honest , hardworking and peaceful . 
As the Civil War went on , Booth increasingly quarreled with his brother Edwin , who declined to make stage appearances in the South and refused to listen to John Wilkes ' fiercely partisan denunciations of the North and Lincoln . 
1238
The Civil War set an important precedent of national will over states ' rights . 
New methods of visualizing the activity of the brain , such as PET scans and CAT scans , began to exert their influence as well , leading some researchers to investigate the mind by investigating the brain , rather than cognition . 
1239
This series of interventions in papal affairs by Otto set a firm precedent for imperial control of the papacy for years to come . 
One of the newest additions to the collection is Tim Hawkinson 's giant teddy bear made of six boulders located in between the newly constructed Calit2 buildings . 
1240
The '' - ium '' suffix conformed to the precedent set in other newly discovered elements of the time : potassium , sodium , magnesium , calcium , and strontium -LRB- all of which Davy had isolated himself -RRB- . 
People in academia , for example , who have previously published articles in academic journals under their birth name often do not change their surname after marriage , in order to ensure that they continue to receive credit for their past and future work . 
1241
Some modern critics claim that this precedent precludes the insanity defense 's validity in a modern secular state like the United States . 
They persuaded Bob Herbert to set up a showcase performance for the group in front of industry writers , producers and A&amp;R men in December 1994 at the Nomis Studios in Shepherds Bush where they received an '' overwhelmingly positive '' reaction . 
1242
According to precedent , the crown should have passed to the male descendants of Lionel of Antwerp , Duke of Clarence , Edward III 's second son , and in fact , the childless Richard II had named Lionel 's grandson , Roger Mortimer , 4th Earl of March as heir presumptive . 
Suspicious , the Blight discovers that one of the ships lists in its cargo manifest a data storage device , which it assumes contains information that could harm it . 
1243
The doctrine of precedent developed under the inquisitorial system in England during the 12th and 13th centuries , as the collective judicial decisions that were based in tradition , custom and precedent . 
A lot of lobbying work has been done against software patents and expansions of copyright law . 
1244
Antisemitism '' refers specifically to prejudice against Jews alone and in general , despite the fact that there are other speakers of Semitic languages -LRB- e.g. Arabs , Ethiopians , or Assyrians -RRB- and that not all Jews speak a Semitic language . 
The economics empirical literature on mass media bias mainly focuses on the United States . 
1245
The American Psychological Association and the Royal College of Psychiatrists expressed concerns that the positions espoused by NARTH are not supported by the science and create an environment in which prejudice and discrimination can flourish . 
Baxter York , Emmett York , and Joe Chitto worked on gaining recognition for the Choctaw . 
1246
Food preparation . 
A common British folk myth dating back to the Victorian era holds that the smell of the sea is caused by ozone , and that this smell has '' bracing '' health benefits . 
1247
Licinius ' defeat represented the passing of old Rome , and the beginning of the role of the Eastern Roman Empire as a center of learning , prosperity , and cultural preservation . 
The paintings were left to Kew by the artist and a condition of the bequest is that the layout of the paintings in the gallery may not be altered . 
1248
Masa harina and hominy use lye in their preparation , but not for preservation . 
Justice is in one scale , and self-preservation in the other . '' 
1249
Preservation of chastity was another justifiable reason for crossdressing : her apparel would have slowed an assailant , and men would be less likely to think of her as a sex object in any case . 
As of 2008 , there were 24,483,000 internet users in Turkey , which ranked 15th in the world ; while as of 2009 , there were 2,961,000 internet hosts in the country , which ranked 27th in the world . 
1250
He was the last president to serve in the 19th century and the first to serve in the 20th . 
No other American has held office in the executive branch of the federal government as long as Richard Nixon did . 
1251
Presidential elections take place every four years , when the president and vice president run on separate tickets . 
Galindo went on to have a successful singles career as well , winning the 1996 U.S. championships and the 1996 World bronze medal . 
1252
In 1996 , bin Laden personally engineered a plot to assassinate Clinton while the president was in Manila for the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation . 
Unlike the National Assembly , the Senate can not be dissolved by the President . 
1253
Rural poverty remains a pressing issue , as development there has been far slower than in the major urban areas . 
Several road projects will be completed within the next few years , including a replacement for the Port Mann Bridge , as part of the Provincial Government 's Gateway Program . 
1254
The advantage of recognition tasks is that they require minimal movement -LRB- just pressing one of two keys -RRB- , making fixation of the head in the scanner easier . 
The Wall Street Journal wrote , '' One is left with the unpleasant suspicion that Ms. Wolf wanted to get back into the spotlight and went rummaging in her basket of anecdotes until she found a juicy one to squeeze for publicity . '' 
1255
LTCM had attempted to make money on the price difference between different bonds . 
GPRS is offered by smaller telco players as a route of sending SMS text to reduce the cost of SMS texting internationally . 
1256
The minimum wage will price the services of the least productive -LRB- and therefore lowest-wage -RRB- workers out of the market ... The direct results of minimum wage legislation are clearly mixed . 
, Dallas Johann , John Lee Johann , Bonni Lou Kern , Charlie Laney , Larry Larsen , Paul Petersen , Lynn Ready , Mickey Rooney Jr. , Tim Rooney , Mary Lynn Sartori , Bronson Scott , Michael Smith , Jay-Jay Solari , Margene Storey , Ronnie Steiner , Mark Sutherland and Don Underhill . 
1257
Several economic studies and legal decisions of antitrust authorities have found that the median price increase achieved by cartels in the last 200 years is around 25 % . 
This is because competitors will generally ignore price increases , with the hope of gaining a larger market share as a result of now having comparatively lower prices . 
1258
This was unlikely to be a problem , since it is a generally accepted principle of private international law that states determine their currencies , and that therefore states would accept the European Union legislation to that effect . 
He accordingly sought to set forth all the science of the time from the Christian point of view , and to elevate Christianity to a theory of the Universe compatible with Hellenism . 
1259
In the same section of Chapter 7 : Introduction titled ' Induction an Inverse Operation ' , much more attention is devoted to the principle that multiplication of integers is easy , but finding the -LRB- prime -RRB- factors of the product is much harder . 
One can use the same principle to specify the position of any point in three-dimensional space by three Cartesian coordinates , its signed distances to three mutually perpendicular planes -LRB- or , equivalently , by its perpendicular projection onto three mutually perpendicular lines -RRB- . 
1260
Urea can in principle serve as a hydrogen source for subsequent power generation in fuel cells . 
No force or object is perfectly '' yin '' or '' yang '' ; the darkest night fills the sky with stars , while the brightest day creates that much more difference in the shade of a tree . 
1261
In the science fiction world , Kubrick has three times won the especially coveted Hugo Award , a prized mainly for print writing and only secondarily for drama production . 
The meeting 's chair , Andreia Zhadanov , who was in permanent radio contact with the Kremlin from whom he received instructions , also castigated communist parties in France and Italy for collaboration with those countries ' domestic agendas . 
1262
When the work print or edit master has been approved , the original camera negative -LRB- OCN -RRB- is assembled by a negative cutter using the edited work print or EDL -LRB- edit decision list -RRB- as a guide . 
Chiat-Day shopped it around to a number of clients , including Apple , where it was proposed to be used for a print ad in the Wall Street Journal promoting the Apple II . 
1263
Modern techniques already print features with dimensions a fraction of the wavelength of light used - an amazing optical feat . 
A graphic designer may use typography , visual arts and page layout techniques to produce the final result . 
1264
After Stalin declared that he was going to '' solve the Baltic problem '' , by June 1940 , Lithuania , Latvia and Estonia were merged into the Soviet Union , after repressions and actions therein brought about the deaths of over 160,000 citizens of these states . 
FAA rules placed into effect on September 13 , 2001 prohibit any type of knife in secured airport areas and on airplanes . 
1265
In many applications , additional constraints such as limited resources or time windows make the problem considerably harder . 
Fiscal policy has been the biggest challenge for the Salvadoran government . 
1266
The issue of Christian genocides by the Turks may become a problem , since Turkey wishes to join the European Union . 
The SDS suffered the difficulty of wanting to change the world while ' freeing life in the here and now . ' 
1267
Nietzsche 's relation to the problem of nihilism is a complex one . 
In the punk subculture , the epithet '' poseur '' -LRB- or '' poser '' -RRB- is used to describe '' a person who habitually pretends to be something he is not . '' 
1268
The switch also led to increased production costs and a greater subdivision of the creative staff for '' Final Fantasy VII '' and subsequent 3D titles in the series . 
Today it officially uses the term for any vessel which has a permanently assigned crew and accommodations for the extended support of that crew , and includes only and all vessels of or more in length . 
1269
Dedicated energy crops , such as switchgrass , are also promising cellulose sources that can be sustainably produced in many The ethanol and biodiesel production industries also create jobs in plant construction , operations , and maintenance , mostly in rural communities . 
Growing public and private sector demand for credit has led -- in the context of interest rate controls - to credit rationing to the private sector and the introduction of noninterest charges by banks . 
1270
Burma is also the world 's second largest producer of opium , accounting for 8 % of entire world production and is a major source of illegal drugs , including amphetamines . 
Additionally , high costs of decreasing emissions may cause significant production to move to countries that are not covered under the treaty , such as India and China , claims Fred Singer . 
1271
After an unsuccessful expansion into feature films , as well as the fact that Max and Dave Fleischer were no longer speaking to one another , Fleischer Studios was acquired by Paramount , which renamed the operation Famous Studios and continued cartoon production until 1967 . 
In 1994 and 1995 , '' Mystery Science Theater 3000 '' was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Writing for a Variety or Music Program , but lost both times to Dennis Miller Live . '' 
1272
articles in a number of periodicals , including '' The New York Times '' , which proclaimed him ' The World 's Greatest Traveler ' on the front page of its Sunday travel section in 1974 , and in '' Yankee '' magazine , where he was ' The Absent-Bodied Professor ' in 1975 . 
Georgian academician Shalva Nutsubidze and Belgian professor Ernest Honigmann were authors of a theory identifying pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite with Peter the Iberian . 
1273
Spring 1823 Abel published his first article in '' Magazin for Naturvidenskaberne '' , Norway 's first journal on sciences and co-founded by professor Hansteen . 
The Kiwano fruit , also known as the Horned Melon , melano , African horned cucumber , jelly melon , hedged gourd , and/or English tomato , is endemic to a region in the Kalahari Desert -LRB- * specific region unknown -RRB- . 
1274
In the story , Professor Laban Shrewsbury -LRB- a recurring Derleth character -RRB- and his assistant at the time , Nayland Colum , discover Alhazred 's burial site . 
Excessive consumption of alcohol can cause cirrhosis of the liver and alcoholism ; the American Heart Association cautions people to '' consult your doctor on the benefits and risks of consuming alcohol in moderation . '' 
1275
It often suggests the presence of the profit motive , although neither a profit motive or profit itself are necessary for a free market . 
Many other endemics originated through differentiation or adaptive radiation , whereby multiple species develop from a common ancestor to take advantage of diverse ecological conditions such as the California lilac -LRB- '' Ceanothus '' -RRB- . 
1276
According to Sraffa , the tendency of capital to seek its highest rate of profit causes a dynamic instability in social and economic relations . 
This lack of arms led to the guerrilla-style war using the environment , the element of surprise , a fast horse and a machete . 
1277
If this internalized harm is so great that the manufacturer can not profit from producing the product , it will discontinue the product , or sell it only at a higher price to consumers who value it especially highly -LRB- in economic terms , modify its activity level -RRB- . 
Feedback combines immediately with the immediate input signal to drive the responsive power gain element , without changing the basic responsiveness of the system to future signals . 
1278
The normal adulterants for profit are inactive sugars , usually mannitol , creatine or glucose , so introducing active adulterants gives the illusion of purity and to ' stretch ' or make it so a dealer can sell more product than without the adulterants . 
As a result of Beethoven 's hearing loss , a unique historical record has been preserved : his conversation books . 
1279
The church had no interest in secular profit and as pope Gregory did his utmost to encourage that high standard among church personnel . 
FDA warning letters . 
1280
The next Coen brothers project to hit the big screen was 1985 's '' Crimewave '' directed by Sam Raimi . 
However , such fights are usually discouraged by visual displays , in which the males bulge their necks , roll their eyes and hold their horns in a vertical position while slowly pacing back and forth in front of the other male . 
1281
The latter used four ejector exhaust stacks , providing an increment of thrust , projecting along each side of the forward fuselage . 
However , such fights are usually discouraged by visual displays , in which the males bulge their necks , roll their eyes and hold their horns in a vertical position while slowly pacing back and forth in front of the other male . 
1282
There the axon makes excitatory synaptic contacts with other cells , some of which project to the same region of the spinal cord , others projecting into the brain . 
In Italy , the Lunar Society Italia was formed to communicate science and astronomy . 
1283
Overall , the modern instrument has much higher string tension than the Baroque cello , resulting in a louder , more projecting tone , with fewer overtones . 
They presented this tilt as a mostly unconscious process of like-minded individuals projecting their shared assumptions onto their interpretations of reality . 
1284
Many experts , including Margaret Rule , the project leader for the raising of the Mary Rose , have assumed that it meant a complete rebuilding from clinker planking to carvel planking , and that it was only after 1536 that the ship took on the form that it had when it sank and that was eventually recovered . 
Indie band Rilo Kiley , in keeping with their tendency to explore a variety of rockish styles , incorporated funk in to their song '' The Moneymaker '' on the album '' Under the Blacklight '' . 
1285
LORAN Data Channel -LRB- LDC -RRB- is a project underway between the FAA and USCG to send low bit rate data using the LORAN system . 
He can also project energy in various forms for offensive and defensive use , including the erection of force shields , and bolts of cosmic force powerful enough to destroy entire planets or create black holes . 
1286
A popular point of prominence in Austin is Mount Bonnell . 
Limelight '' is probably a unique film in at least one interesting respect . 
1287
Because of unbelief at various points , but especially at Kadesh Barnea -LRB- Numbers 14 -RRB- , the Israelites were condemned to wander for forty years in the desert in the vicinity of Kadesh instead of immediately entering the land of promise . 
The service of Marriage in the Orthodox Church has two distinct parts : The Betrothal and The Crowning . 
1288
2 Checkback Stayman is used to find a fit in spades when the 2 does not promise a 4M . 
Attempting to save himself after a disastrous Persian-sponsored expedition in 499 BC , Aristagoras chose to declare Miletus a democracy . 
1289
On a breach of contract by a defendant , a court generally awards the sum that would restore the injured party to the economic position they expected from performance of the promise or promises -LRB- known as an '' expectation measure '' or '' benefit-of-the-bargain '' measure of damages -RRB- . 
A number of scholars prefer the neutral translation of '' expectation . '' 
1290
The couple would promise verbally to each other that they would be married to each other ; the presence of a priest or witnesses was not required . 
Some had previously met Osama Bin Laden , and although they specifically declined to pledge allegiance to Al-Qaeda they asked for its blessing and help . 
1291
In 1570 , Elizabeth was persuaded by representatives of Charles IX of France to promise to help Mary regain her throne . 
She had previously told him that she would not give a speech , but reneged on that promise that July as she delivered a keynote address to the delegates at the 2000 Republican National Convention . 
1292
Already a great magnate through his wife 's property , he had also inherited his father 's estates and had been granted much forfeited Lancastrian property . 
It is possible to obtain possession of a thing without anyone else 's consent . 
1293
A hydrogen nucleus is a single proton , so simultaneous nuclear interactions , which would occur within a heavier nucleus , do n't need to be considered for the detection experiment . 
The origin of this energy is the nuclear force , which intermediate-sized nuclei allows to act more efficiently , because each nucleon has more neighbors which are within the short range attraction of this force . 
1294
The combination of high mountains , proximity to Europe , and clean air has made the Roque de los Muchachos peak -LRB- on La Palma island -RRB- a leading location for telescopes like the Grantecan . 
The purpose of this plan is to reduce the effects of drug tourism on the city centre , such as parking problems as well as the more serious issue of the illegal sale of hard drugs by so-called ' drug runners ' in the vicinity of the coffeeshops . 
1295
During this specialisation , the resident has to do a 6 month residency in the field of social psychiatry , a 12 month residency in a field of their own choice -LRB- which can be child psychiatry , forensic psychiatry , somatic medicine or medical research -RRB- and an obligatory three year residency in different areas of adult psychiatry -LRB- ranging from acute psychiatry on closed wards to . 
The best-known example of an uncovering psychotherapy is classical psychoanalysis . 
1296
Systems psychology is a branch of psychology that studies human behaviour and experience in complex systems . 
Performance avoidance goals are associated with negative outcomes such as poor concentration while studying , disorganized studying , less self-regulation , shallow information processing and test anxiety . 
1297
I-O psychology 's other subfield , organizational psychology , examines the effects of work environments and management styles on worker motivation , job satisfaction , and productivity . 
The Ticho House , in downtown Jerusalem , houses the paintings of Anna Ticho and the Judaica collections of her husband , an ophthalmologist who opened Jerusalem 's first eye clinic in this building in 1912 . 
1298
It has been claimed that Chomsky 's critique of Skinner 's methodology and basic assumptions paved the way for the '' cognitive revolution '' , the shift in American psychology between the 1950s through the 1970s from being primarily behavioral to being primarily cognitive . 
every two years , and contains a wealth of information on such topics as labor force participation -LRB- e.g. , current employment , job history , retirement plans , industry/occupation , pensions , disability -RRB- , health -LRB- e.g. , health status and history , health and life insurance , cognition -RRB- , financial variables -LRB- e.g. , assets and income , housing , net worth , wills , consumption and savings -RRB- , family characteristics -LRB- e.g. , family structure , transfers , parent/child/grandchild / sibling information -RRB- and a host of other topics -LRB- e.g. , expectations , . 
1299
Although the terms '' educational psychology '' and '' school psychology '' are often used interchangeably , researchers and theorists are likely to be identified in the US and Canada as , whereas practitioners in schools or school-related settings are identified as school psychologists . 
At this time , he was severely ill ; it was wartime or the austerity period after it ; during the war his wife suffered from depression ; and after her death he was lonely and unhappy . 
1300
Educational psychology is concerned with the processes of educational attainment in the general population and in sub-populations such as gifted children and those with specific disabilities . 
Discipline such as National Rifle Association 's Action Pistol , also known as The Bianchi Cup , is one example where extreme accuracy fired within tight , predetermined time limits is more paramount than raw speed . 
1301
I-O psychology 's other subfield , organizational psychology , examines the effects of work environments and management styles on worker motivation , job satisfaction , and productivity . 
In the episode '' Renaissance Man '' , against the wishes of the crew , the Doctor uses his ECH program to eject the Warp core . 
1302
Moral psychology . 
A marked reluctance to encourage the growth of the city for fear of causing further depletion of the traditional farming and fishing communities has led to several successive bursts of construction in both infrastructure and building mass , as the authorities kept waiting in vain for the stream of people to diminish . 
1303
Cognitive psychology is one of the more recent additions to psychological research , having only developed as a separate area within the discipline since the late 1950s and early 1960s following the '' cognitive revolution '' initiated by Noam Chomsky 's 1959 critique of behaviorism and empiricism more generally . 
Prior to July 1 , 2008 Alberta was divided into nine health regions : Aspen Regional Health Authority : Calgary Health Region , Capital Health -LRB- Edmonton -RRB- , Chinook Health , David Thompson Regional Health Authority , East Central Health , Northern Lights Health Region , Palliser Health Region and Peace Country Health Region . 
1304
His later plays became more overtly political , drawing parallels between the psychology of his characters and the behavior of governments and social classes . 
Later , in 1935 , Howard claimed in a letter to Clark Ashton Smith that Conan '' simply grew up in my mind a few years ago when I was stopping in a little border town on the lower Rio Grande . '' 
1305
Popular majors include Psychology , Economics , Biology , History , English , and Political Science . 
One of the main branches of political science , public administration can be broadly described as the development , implementation and study of branches of government policy . 
1306
In psychology and musicology , Ibn al-Haytham 's '' Treatise on the Influence of Melodies on the Souls of Animals '' was the earliest treatise dealing with the effects of music on animals . 
The direction of causality is the other way round from materialistic science , which explains the consequence in terms of a prior cause . 
1307
A Russian magazine described her temperament as '' phlegmatic '' , saying that she did not quarrel with other dogs . 
Today many scholars agree that the Trojan War is based on a historical core of a Greek expedition against the city of Illium , but few would argue that the Homeric poems faithfully represent the actual events of the war . 
1308
Many flowers , for example those of '' Selenicereus grandiflorus '' -LRB- '' Queen of the Night '' -RRB- are only fully open for two hours at night . 
A local ultraviolet emissor will normally disrupt the navigation process and will eventually attract the flying insect . 
1309
The chessboard is placed with a light square at the right hand end of the rank nearest to each player , and the pieces are set out as shown in the diagram , with each queen on its own color . 
These proposals are the origin of the Copyright Clause in the United States Constitution , which allows the granting of copyright and patents for a limited time to serve a utilitarian function , namely '' to promote the progress of science and useful arts '' . 
1310
Her office stated that she was present as Canada 's head of state , and thus the Governor General was treated as the senior official in attendance , over even the Queen who was also present at the ceremony . 
There was a command performance of '' The Gondoliers '' for Queen Victoria and the royal family at Windsor Castle in 1891 , the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera to be so honoured . '' 
1311
As Malcolm X and his bodyguards moved to quiet the disturbance , a man rushed forward and shot him in the chest with a sawed-off shotgun . 
It was also in this era that the production of various megalithic monuments began , predominantly long cairns -LRB- three of which have currently been identified , at Louden , Catshole and Bearah -RRB- and stone circles -LRB- sixteen of which have been identified -RRB- . 
1312
He alleged that the work which made Sholokhov 's international reputation , '' And Quiet Flows the Don '' was written by Fyodor Kryukov , a Cossack and Anti-Bolshevik , who died in 1920 , possibly in retaliation for Sholokhov scathing opinion re '' One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich '' . 
Subsequently , philosophers have questioned whether even '' prima facie '' duties can be articulated at a theoretical level , and some philosophers have urged a turn away from general theorizing altogether , while others have defended theory on the grounds that it need not be perfect in order to capture important moral insight . 
1313
In the 1920s and 1930s Rabbi Abraham Isaac Kook -LRB- the first Chief Rabbi of Palestine -RRB- and his son Rabbi Zevi Judah Kook saw great religious and traditional value in many of Zionism 's ideals , while rejecting its anti-religious undertones . 
An alternative approach to this psychological process is to kill the second man in the row , leading to the psychological effect that nobody would want to follow the '' leader '' . 
1314
Rabbi Judah Loew ben Bezalel lamented that the times for the fulfillment of the prophecy of Daniel '' were over long ago '' -LRB- Sanhedrin 98b , 97a -RRB- . 
In 1989 , Batman returned to movie theaters in director Tim Burton 's '' Batman '' starring Michael Keaton as the title character . 
1315
The racism critique is based on a negative representation of other races , particularly the Calormenes . 
The depiction of Jews in some of Eliot 's poems has led several critics to accuse him of anti-Semitism . '' 
1316
Ethical commitments in anthropology include noticing and documenting genocide , infanticide , racism , mutilation including especially circumcision and subincision , and torture . 
In addition to flight-testing , Groom performed radar profiling , F-117 weapons testing , and was the location for training of the first group of frontline USAF F-117 pilots . 
1317
Several high-ranking officers of the department , including Deputy Police Chief Raymond Cassamayor , were arrested on federal charges of running a protection racket for illegal cocaine smugglers . 
John Lott and Kevin Hassett of the American Enterprise Institute study the coverage of economic news by looking at a panel of 389 U.S. newspapers from 1991 to 2004 , and from 1985 to 2004 for a subsample comprising the top 10 newspapers and the Associated Press . 
1318
The sport can be played by anyone who can hold a racket , including people in wheelchairs . 
Much of the noise attributed to the animal is a result of raucous communal eating , at which up to 12 individuals can gather , and can often be heard several kilometres away . 
1319
The state broadcaster is Kalaallit Nunaata Radioa -LRB- Greenlandic Broadcasting Corporation -RRB- or KNR , which provides one television and one radio service nationwide . 
The '' Australian Broadcasting Corporation Act 1983 '' changed the name of the organisation to the '' Australian Broadcasting Corporation '' , effective 1 July 1983 . 
1320
Ontario and Maritime Canadian English commonly show some raising before nasals , though not as extreme as in many American varieties . 
Opposition players may bump or tackle the player to obtain the ball and , when tackled , the player must dispose of the ball cleanly or risk being penalised for holding the ball . 
1321
A number of factors contributed to the trend toward small families : high education , devotion to raising healthy children , late marriage , increased participation of women in the labor force , small living spaces , education about the problems of overpopulation , and the high costs of child education . 
This trend would continue into the Bronze Age , eventually giving rise to towns , and later cities and states whose larger populations could be sustained by the increased productivity from cultivated lands . 
1322
He singled in his first at-bat , raising his average to .401 , and followed it with a home run and two more hits in the first game . 
She had a strong religious upbringing and developed a faith that would play a major role in later life . 
1323
Like most modern programming languages and unlike earlier Lisps such as Maclisp and unlike Emacs Lisp , Scheme is lexically scoped : all possible variable bindings in a program unit can be analyzed by reading the text of the program unit without consideration of the contexts in which it may be called . 
With the exception that the victor 's interpretation of '' Fascist organisations '' turned out to be wide , these clauses had no practical effects . 
1324
In the case of reading for instance in these schools some children learn from being read to , memorizing the stories and then ultimately reading them . 
The account of Justinus was influential , and was used as a source by Orosius who continued to be read during the European Middle Ages . 
1325
In 1979 he released a third gatefold album entitled '' Sellers ' Market '' -LRB- the cover shows him standing next to a trader reading the '' Wall Street Times '' whereas Sellers is standing similarly reading the '' Finchley Press '' -RRB- which included comic singing and a feature called the '' All England George Formby Finals '' where he parodies the late George Formby and his ukelele playing . 
There are no female Rabbis among the British Masorti , for example , and some Masorti congegations maintain non-egalitarian practices with regard to gender , such as the mechitza and the prohibition of women reading from the Torah , while nearly all American congregations are fully egalitarian and the American Rabbinical schools ordain women as Rabbis . 
1326
The 17th century '' Age of Reason '' opened the avenues to the decisive steps towards modern science , which took place during the 18th century '' Age of Enlightenment '' . 
In the Sahel , color is not a selection criterion . 
1327
He also argues that '' the modern self-limitation of reason '' rooted in Immanuel Kant 's philosophy , which views itself incapable of knowing religion and the human sciences such as ethics , leads to dangerous pathologies of religion and pathologies of science . 
His explanation for this decision was '' Damn the negroes , I am fighting those traitorous aristocrats , their masters . '' 
1328
Second , in order to avoid the naturalistic fallacy , we must formulate at least one self-evident prescriptive truth , so that , with it as a premise , we can reason to the truth of other prescriptives . 
While there is some truth that Xerox management failed to see the potential of many of PARC 's inventions , it is an over-simplification to generalize . 
1329
Those who genuinely reason , like his protagonists , gamble with sanity . 
The map points researchers toward places where genes are active On November 19 , 2008 , Allen appeared at the Experience Music Project/Science Fiction Hall of Fame to present the second annual Founder 's Award for musical achievement . 
1330
Several cases have ruled that persons found not guilty by reason of insanity may not withdraw the defense in an habeas petition to pursue an alternative . 
After her downfall , her affectations and excessive imaginations become eventually subdued by the voice of reason in the form of Stuart , a paternal figure , under whose guidance the protagonist receives a sound education and correction of her misguided taste -LRB- Skarda 1986 -RRB- . 
1331
Sudan then achieved great economic growth by implementing macroeconomic reforms and finally ended the civil war by adopting a new constitution in 2005 with rebel groups in the south , granting them limited autonomy to be followed by a referendum about independence in 2011 . 
Because of this rule , although by rank the cannon is higher than soldier , it can not capture a soldier even when the soldier is placed directly next to it . 
1332
-LRB- 2005 -RRB- , and '' Rebel Without a Bra '' -LRB- 2004 -RRB- . 
Complete trail map can be found at : http://www.cedartrailspartnership.org/metro_trail_guide.pdf Waterloo is home of the Waterloo Blackhawks , a team in the United States Hockey League which plays in Young Arena . 
1333
In the House of Lords , members need not seek the recognition of the presiding officer before speaking , as is done in the House of Commons . 
The 2.0 designation was intended to distinguish the new edition from previous drafts . 
1334
As the name '' uniformed '' suggests , they wear uniforms and perform functions that require an immediate recognition of an officer 's legal authority , such as traffic control , stopping and detaining motorists , and more active crime response and prevention . 
It has a rapidly growing research reputation and is the only Western Australian university to produce PhD recipients of the AINSE gold medal , the highest possible recognition for PhD level science and engineering research excellence in Australia and New Zealand . 
1335
Speaking on BBC Radio 4 's Today programme Professor Nutt said , '' Until Gordon Brown took office there has never been a recommendation about drug classification from the council that has been rejected by government '' . 
He visited his old tutor Gow at Cambridge for advice on becoming a writer , and as a result he decided to move to London . 
1336
The Secretary-General is appointed by the General Assembly , after being recommended by the Security Council , any member of which can veto , and the General Assembly can theoretically override the Security Council 's recommendation if a majority vote is not achieved , although this has not happened so far . 
In some cases this means alternately blowing into and sucking on a plastic tube -LRB- '' puff and sip '' interface -RRB- . 
1337
Pei 's family traces its record back to the Ming Dynasty , when his ancestors moved from Anhui province to Suzhou . 
For example , Iowa State University reports the number of hog farmers in Iowa dropped from 65,000 in 1980 to 10,000 in 2002 , but the number of hogs per farm increased from 200 to 1,400 . 
1338
In that season , Gretzky broke Gordie Howe 's career goal-scoring record and won the scoring title , but the team began a long slide , and despite numerous player and coaching moves , they failed to qualify for the playoffs again until 1998 . 
De ensomme '' -RRB- set a new record for his prints when it was sold at an auction in Oslo for 8.1 million NOK -LRB- 1.27 million USD -RRB- . 
1339
History does not record the reason for this , and Jerome basically reports , in the preface to the Vulgate version of Daniel , '' this thing ' just ' happened '' . 
Thomas was limited to just 37 rushing yards , but he also caught 7 passes for 52 yards -LRB- Thomas became the first player in Super Bowl history to score touchdowns in four Super Bowls : he scored one TD in each of the Bills 4-straight appearances , XXV-XXVIII -RRB- . 
1340
The band never overcame the credibility problems they faced when word spread that they had not played on their first records -LRB- at Nesmith 's instigation , calling the band 's first non-studio press conference , where he called '' More of The Monkees '' '' probably the worst record in the history of the world '' -RRB- . 
It also resolves the routing problem , because the memory write is not unpredictably modified between device and host . 
1341
Of the 75 % who were available for follow-up , half had a favourable outcome , and 16 % had a delayed recovery after an early unremitting course . 
Hoover 's report led to a realization amongst US leadership that a new policy was needed ; '' almost any action would be an improvement '' on current policy . '' 
1342
Partly as a result of the need for cooperation and peace during the recovery from the tsunami in Aceh , peace talks between the Indonesian government and the Free Aceh Movement -LRB- GAM -RRB- were restarted . 
He first came to wide public notice as a Republican during the 1988 Presidential election , accompanying then-Vice President George H.W. Bush at a campaign rally . 
1343
Some earlier spreadsheets required a manual request to recalculate , since recalculation of large or complex spreadsheets often reduced data entry speed . 
The combination CMA IAC , which the assembler let you abbreviate as CIA , produced the arithmetic inverse of AC : the twos-complement negation . 
1344
This particular parameter is closely related to the thickness of the applied photoresist , with thinner layers corresponding to shorter wavelengths , permitting a reduced aspect ratio and a reduced minimum feature size . 
Expressions such as '' with bated breath '' -LRB- '' Merchant of Venice '' -RRB- and '' a foregone conclusion '' -LRB- '' Othello '' -RRB- have found their way into everyday English speech . 
1345
Some people are fast metabolizers resulting in reduced analgesic effect but increased adverse effects , while others are slow metabolisers resulting in increased toxicity without improved analgesia . 
The airport 's coastal location renders it liable to low lying cloud or fog conditions requiring flights to be occasionally diverted to Ontario International Airport in Ontario , San Bernardino County to the east . 
1346
Kim Jong-il has said that the solution to this crisis is earning hard currency , developing information technology , and attracting foreign aid , but despite some movement towards reform it has not substantially reduced the state 's control over the economy or introduced the market-oriented reforms which have produced spectacular economic growth in China since 1979 . 
In this manner the community can even out the extreme differences in insurability that exist among its members . 
1347
In rural areas the grid 's cost and impacts can be reduced by using single wire earth return systems -LRB- e.g. the MALT-system -RRB- . 
Altogether , the MSIP process permitted quicker introduction of new capabilities , at lower costs , and with reduced risks compared to traditional stand-alone system enhancement and modernization programs . 
1348
A dramatic spike in crime has also ensued , despite Melton 's efforts to reduce crime . 
The drug smuggling task force coordinated federal efforts to reduce the quantity of drugs entering the US . 
1349
However , it should be said that any modification that raises the amount of fuel and air put through a diesel engine will increase its operating temperature which will reduce its life and increase service requirements . 
For real-time , it is appropriate to simplify one or more common approximations , and tune to the exact parameters of the scenery in question , which is also tuned to the agreed parameters to get the most ' bang for the buck ' . 
1350
He called on Australia and New Zealand to revise the rules of origin under the SPARTECA trade agreement , and reduce the figure from 50 percent to 35 percent , thereby allowing Fiji to export a higher percentage of garments made elsewhere to Australian and New Zealand markets . 
In Madagascar 's central highland plateau , 10 % of the entire country has been lost to desertification due to slash and burn agriculture by indigenous peoples . 
1351
Within its boundaries is one of the most extensive reed bed systems in the world . 
Small-scale pumping plants began drawing water from the Murray in the 1850s and the first large-volume plant was constructed at Mildura in 1887 . 
1352
The law of adverse possession has been fundamentally altered following the passing of the Land Registration Act 2002 . 
It is also stated , however , that this was a temporary arrangement while Gale -LRB- for reasons not stated -RRB- looked for a new home , and that Steed was actually sleeping at a hotel . 
1353
After Reconstruction and the granting of citizenship and suffrage to freedmen , state legislatures developed new constitutions with provisions to make voter registration and elections more complicated , such as poll taxes , residency requirements , literacy tests and grandfather clauses . 
After this exhumation and examination , Boniface 's body was moved to the Chapels of Pope Gregory and Andrew . 
1354
Collectively , African Americans are more involved in the American political process than other minority groups in the United States , indicated by the highest level of voter registration and participation in elections among these groups in 2004 . 
A small tower , St. Stephen 's Tower , is positioned at the front of the Palace , between Westminster Hall and Old Palace Yard , and contains the main entrance to the House of Commons at its base , known as '' St. Stephen 's Entrance '' . 
1355
Auchinleck , having 770 tanks and 1,000 aircraft to support him , launched a major offensive to relieve Tobruk -LRB- Operation '' Crusader '' -RRB- on 18 November 1941 . 
As Donald Creighton writes , '' law was a broad , well-trodden path to comfort , influence , even to power . '' 
1356
On January 31 , 1918 Sovnarkom ordered to relieve VCheKa of the investigative functions , leaving for the commission only the functions of detection , suppression , and prevention of crimes . 
Yet an experiment , were you to try it , could free you from your cavil and the source of your arts ' course springs from experiment . 
1357
To relieve the tax burden on these uses , most jurisdictions waive the tax when an agent has been added to the ethanol to render it unfit to drink . 
, released the following statement on May 27 , 1963 : '' On May 6 , 1963 , the Harvard Corporation voted , because Timothy F. Leary , lecturer on clinical psychology , has failed to keep his classroom appointments and has absented himself from Cambridge without permission , to relieve him from further teaching duty and to terminate his salary as of April 30 , 1963 . '' 
1358
Its share price has been steadily rising after its low point in March 2009 and the airline 's profit fell by 88 per cent to $ 117 million for the year to June but despite this it was one of the few international airlines to report a profit for the financial year . 
It authorized the Bishop of Alexandria -LRB- presumably using the Alexandrian calendar -RRB- to announce annually the exact date to his fellow bishops . 
1359
Other sources report that the Marx Brothers did go by their nicknames during their vaudeville era , but briefly listed themselves by their given names when '' I 'll Say She Is '' opened because they were worried that a Broadway audience would reject a vaudeville act if they were perceived as . 
Most Zoras do not wear clothing , and they are generally covered in silver scales , which give them a pale blue sheen from a distance . 
1360
An outline of chapters in the WGI report -LRB- as of November 3 , 2005 -RRB- and a list of the report 's authors -LRB- as of March 10 , 2005 -RRB- were made available before publication of the SPM . 
In many cases , the amount of a capital gain is treated as income and subject to the marginal rate of income tax . 
1361
Since the Hopi reservation is completely surrounded by the Navajo reservation , the legislature created an unusual district configuration which features a fine filament along a river course several hundred miles in length to attach two Navajo regions , Arizona 's 2nd congressional district . 
By 1604 , he had moved north of the river again , to an area north of St Paul 's Cathedral with many fine houses . 
1362
Bilateral sanctions have been imposed on the basis of national legislation -LRB- e.g. the USA used certification under the Pelly Amendment to get Japan to revoke its reservation to hawksbill turtle products in 1991 , thus reducing the volume of its exports -RRB- . 
In addition , several warriors went off the reservation and stole 1,000 horses from the native Comanche people to the east . 
1363
The escape network was solely '' underground '' in the sense of being an underground resistance . 
The first notable militia in French history was the resistance of the Gauls to invasion by the Romans until they were defeated by Julius Caesar . 
1364
The Resolution noted that '' High-Level visitors from Taiwan , including the President , seek to come to the United States , their requests results in a period of complex , lengthy and humiliating negotiations . '' 
Like Daniel Webster , James Wilson , and Joseph Story before him , Lincoln argued that the Declaration of Independence was a founding document of the United States , and that this had important implications for interpreting the Constitution , which had been ratified more than a decade after the Declaration . 
1365
Without a resolution in sight , the government of Singapore decided to increase self-sufficiency in its water supply . 
Physical methods . 
1366
On October 24 , the UNSC passed Resolution 339 , serving as a renewed call for all parties to adhere to the cease fire terms established in Resolution 338 . 
After passage of United Nations Security Council Resolution 425 , calling for Israeli withdrawal and the creation of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon -LRB- UNIFIL -RRB- peace-keeping force , Israel withdrew its troops . 
1367
Dave Jennings joined the broadcast team in 2002 following his firing by the Jets , with whom he had worked since his 1987 retirement from the NFL . 
The rich ornamentation of clocks of this period indicates their value as status symbols of the wealthy . 
1368
A 2009 study of CEOs found that more men occupying the position were overweight or obese than men in the general population , while the reverse held true for female CEOs . 
It has two landing gear on the fuselage and two outrigger landing gear on the wings . 
1369
He made the whole journey in this reverse fashion , looking up into the face of his god . 
Eventually , that opposition led to his death . 
1370
Transforming assembly into machine language is accomplished by an assembler , and the -LRB- partial -RRB- reverse by a disassembler . 
John Casimir made one more attempt to reverse the losses and regain all of Ukraine by attacking the Tsardom in 1663 and 1664 . 
1371
These include the right to be fully informed of the charges against him or her ; the right to have a lawyer appointed , free of charge ; the right to a speedy trial ; and the right to examine the witnesses against him or her and to obtain the attendance and examination of witnesses on his or her behalf . 
The practical effect of this Kennedy-Khrushchev Pact was that it effectively strengthened Castro 's position in Cuba in that he would not be invaded by the United States . 
1372
This includes halfwidth katakana in right side area of ASCII . 
The open tops of the vessels make the risk of infection greater , but with proper cleaning procedures and careful protocol about who enters fermentation chambers , the risk can be well controlled . 
1373
One effect of this is that back vowels are most commonly rounded while front vowels are most commonly unrounded ; another is that rounded vowels tend to plot to the right of unrounded vowels in vowel charts . 
The very best featured symbols for cities , way stations , water courses , and so on . 
1374
His music has also had a great influence on funk and the development of funk rock especially through the guitarists Ernie Isley of The Isley Brothers and Eddie Hazel of Funkadelic , Prince and Jesse Johnson of The Time . 
This program also observed a meteorite fall , the '' Lost City '' chondrite , allowing its recovery and a calculation of its orbit . 
1375
King Crimson are an English rock band , founded in 1969 by guitarist Robert Fripp and drummer Michael Giles . 
Allen developed a passion for music early on and is a celebrated jazz clarinetist . 
1376
The incorporation of jazz into the music of bands like Soft Machine and Can also contributed to the development of the jazz rock of bands like Colosseum . 
After Montezuma Marsh , the next obstacle was crossing the Niagara Escarpment , an wall of hard dolomitic limestone , to rise to the level of Lake Erie . 
1377
Detroit rapper Esham became known for his '' acid rap '' style , which fused rapping with a sound that was often based in rock and heavy metal , Rappers who sampled rock songs included Ice-T , The Fat Boys , LL Cool J , Public Enemy and Whodini . 
An object will move from the top left corner of the frame to the bottom right corner . 
1378
Holly 's transition to rock continued when he opened for Bill Haley &amp; His Comets at a local show organized by Eddie Crandall , the manager for Marty Robbins . 
Following '' Apollo 18 '' , Flansburgh and Linnell decided to move away from the guitar &amp; accordion -LRB- or sax -RRB- plus backing tracks on tape nature of their live show , and recruited a supporting band that consisted of live musicians -LRB- Kurt Hoffman of the Ordinaires on reeds and keyboards , longtime Pere Ubu bassist Tony Maimone and . 
1379
We were ready to rock out and we waited and waited and finally it was our turn ... . 
The site of the cremation was marked by a small concrete slab and is presided over by a large rock flake known to rock climbers as ' The Gram Parsons memorial hand traverse ' . 
1380
Although the offense was inconsistent for much of the season , with outfielder Brad Wilkerson , third baseman Hank Blalock and catcher Rod Barajas particularly disappointing , the team still finished fourth in the AL in runs scored . 
For a four-stroke engine , key parts of the engine include the crankshaft -LRB- purple -RRB- , connecting rod -LRB- orange -RRB- , one or more camshafts -LRB- red and blue -RRB- , and valves . 
1381
The country 's role in the region , as indeed in the world at large , was shaped by trade . 
Taking the sonnet as a conjuror takes his hat , he produced an endless swarm of lively rabbits from it and ended by ' You could do that with any poetry , could n't you ? ' 
1382
Also she thinks there is a role for a goddess who is able to lie , something forbidden to first class goddesses . 
The 49ers won their second straight divisional title in 1971 with a 9-5 record . 
1383
acoustic parts allowing a focus on Joni 's voice and emotions -LRB- '' All I Want '' , '' A Case of You '' -RRB- , while others such as '' Blue '' , '' River '' and '' The Last Time I Saw Richard '' were sung to her rolling piano accompaniment . 
Adolescents victimizing people they did not know generally committed common assault , forcible confinement , armed robbery , and robbery Examples . 
1384
Carnegie worked with others in establishing a steel rolling mill and steel production and control of industry became the source of his fortune . 
Jeffers called his technique '' rolling stresses '' . 
1385
During 1975 , Mitchell also participated in several concerts in the Rolling Thunder Revue tours featuring Bob Dylan and Joan Baez , and in 1976 she performed as part of '' The Last Waltz '' by The Band . 
The two methods are not equivalent , because they produce different timbres ; pressing down on the string tends to produce a harsher , more intense sound . 
1386
While Cobain and Love 's romance had always been a media attraction , they found themselves hounded by tabloid reporters after the article was published , many wanting to know if Frances was addicted to drugs at birth . 
This Sikh Empire was the last to fall against the British , and was a victim of intrigue from neighboring Kingdoms . 
1387
Victorious , Carl-Magnus begins to romance Charlotte , granting her wish at last . 
Jones surmised in this case the original wish of a -LRB- sexual -RRB- reunion may be drastically changed : desire is replaced by fear ; love is replaced by sadism , and the object or loved one is replaced by an unknown entity . 
1388
In US daytime serials the most popular soap opera characters , and the most popular storylines , often involved a romance of the sort presented in paperback romance novels . 
In a subsequent publication on the treatment method , the authors reported that one patient with severe pain from terminal cancer experienced lasting pain relief and improved quality of life . 
1389
One possible answer based on Creationism would simply be : '' the rooster '' as suggested according to Ralph R Shumway II . 
A metaphor has been presented by Douglas Dunn : that if one gives a young child an apple and a live chicken , the child would instinctively play with the chicken and eat the apple , whereas if a cat were presented with the same choices , its natural impulse would be the opposite . 
1390
This theory has been given partial support by Alexzandra Hildred , one of the experts who has worked with the Mary Rose , though she has suggested that the close proximity to Spitbank could also indicate that the sinking occurred while trying to make a hard turn to avoid running aground . 
Robert de Brie is given credit for bringing damask roses from the Middle East to Europe sometime between 1254 and 1276 , although there is evidence from ancient Roman frescoes that at least one damask rose existed in Europe for hundreds of years prior . 
1391
In 1953 output rose above 100,000 units for the first time since the war , and in 1954 , when the sprawling plant by the Main River was considered completely rebuilt , 24,270 were employed at Adam Opel AG and 167,650 vehicles were built -- an all-time high . 
A form of folk music which rose in part from work songs and field hollers of rural Blacks , early blues was also highly improvisational . 
1392
Days after Mussolini rose to power in October 1922 , the major British national newspaper '' The Times '' referred to Hitler as Mussolini 's promising pupil in Germany . 
Three years of War -LRB- 1992-1995 -RRB- destroyed the economy and infrastructure in Bosnia , causing unemployment to soar , as well as causing the death of about 100,000 people and displacing half of the population . 
1393
Ruth was born at 216 Emory Street in Pigtown , a rough neighborhood of Baltimore , Maryland . 
Many gondolas are lushly appointed with crushed velvet seats and Persian rugs . 
1394
After releasing a number of albums and EPs on Jeepster Records , they are now signed to Rough Trade Records in the United Kingdom and Matador Records in the United States . 
These , and other golf courses throughout the city are available as private , as well as public venues . 
1395
Unfortunately , many valuable dinosaur specimens were damaged or destroyed due to the pair 's rough methods : for example , their diggers often used dynamite to unearth bones -LRB- a method modern paleontologists would find appalling -RRB- . 
The sea at these beaches is rough and dangerous , the best surfers from Brazil and other sites of the world come to these beaches to prove themselves . 
1396
A primer that protrudes from the case may cause a number of problems , including what is known as a '' slam fire '' which is the firing of a case before the action is properly locked when chambering a round . 
This means that a soldier who is equipped with a machine pistol as his or her primary weapon and a pistol as a backup defense weapon can use the same ammunition . 
1397
The 49ers were fined $ 600,000 and deprived of a 5th round draft pick in 2001 and a 3rd round draft pick in 2002 . 
To perform this tracking , the receiver observes two quantities , phase error and received frequency offset . 
1398
Some forms include the broadhead round , bionic and running bucks , darts , archery golf , night shooting , and turkey tester . 
Professional bouts are usually much longer than amateur bouts , typically ranging from ten to twelve rounds , though four round fights are common for less experienced fighters or club fighters . 
1399
As this process is too slow to ensure that the muscles round the rim of a medusa 's bell contract simultaneously in swimming the neurons which control this communicate by much faster electrical signals across gap junctions . 
In order to accomplish the compression , the high explosive system had to be carefully designed as a series of explosive lenses which used alternating fast - and slow-burning explosives to shape the explosive shock wave into the desired spherical shape . 
1400
Gorons seen in the games have round , purple eyes as well as prominent , rotund bellies . 
Since Archbishop Colloredo would not give Leopold leave to travel , Mozart 's mother Anna Maria was assigned to accompany him . 
1401
In 1939 Greenberg was voted to the All-Star Team for the third year in a row . 
Bute soon joined the cabinet as a Northern Secretary and Pitt and he were quickly in dispute over a number of issues . 
1402
The typeface is exclusively Courier , is italicized by shifting pixels of each successive horizontal row further to the left , and is never anti-aliased . 
presence , such as by attending artistic or sports performances or competitions , expositions , celebrations , military parades and remembrances , prominent funerals , visiting parts of the country , enterprises , care facilities -LRB- often in a theatrical honour box , on a platform , on the front row , at the honours table etc. -RRB- , sometimes performing a symbolic act such as cutting a ribbon or pushing a button at an opening , christening something with champagne , laying the first stone , and so on . 
1403
During a test , rowers will row a set distance and try to clock the fastest time possible . 
The steersman may row at bow , who has the best vision when looking over their shoulder , or on straighter courses stroke may steer , since they can point the stern of the boat at some landmark at the start of the course . 
1404
Dr. Dre left Death Row before its eventual self-destruction , and would form his own label , Aftermath Entertainment . 
Near the top is a rectangular terrace with an iron fence . 
1405
In 1911 , Gardner travelled to Malaya for a holiday , on his planned way back to Ceylon , however he was soon offered a job working on a rubber plantation and decided to stay . 
In the Eastern Panhandle and the Ohio River Valley temperatures are warm enough to see and grow subtropical plants such as Southern magnolia -LRB- '' Magnolia grandiflora '' -RRB- , Crepe Myrtle , Albizia julibrissin , American Sweetgum and even the occasional needle palm and sabal minor . 
1406
In running there is typically a ballistic phase where the runner is airborne with both feet in the air -LRB- for bipedals -RRB- . 
Dash Croft of the Soft Rock duo Seals and Crofts extensively used mandolin in their repertoire during the 1970s . 
1407
Running . 
Coyotes will usually leave the hide and most of the skeleton of larger animals relatively intact , unless food is scarce , in which case they may leave only the largest bones . 
1408
Running back Robert Holmes had 612 rushing yards , 266 receiving yards , and 5 touchdowns . 
The foot pushes backward and also down , creating a diagonal force vector , which , in an efficient running style , is aimed squarely at the runner 's centre of mass . 
1409
This has the obvious disadvantage that the program can perform no useful work while a collection cycle is running -LRB- sometimes called the '' embarrassing pause '' -RRB- . 
is a track cycling event in which racing cyclists sprint for victory . 
1410
An American breakout was achieved with Operation Cobra and the encirclement of German forces in the Falaise pocket at the cost of British sacrifice with the diversionary Operation Goodwood . 
In September 2006 , the Islamic Emirate of Waziristan , an association of Waziristani chieftains with close ties to the Taliban , were recognized by the Government of Pakistan as the de facto security force in charge of North and South Waziristan . 
1411
Later , God tested Abraham by commanding him to sacrifice his son . 
They also give a specific definition of a sincere approval vote in terms of the voter 's ordinal preferences as being any vote that , if it votes for one candidate , it also votes for any more preferred candidate . 
1412
Levinas points to the Judeo-Christian belief that it was God who first commanded Abraham to sacrifice Isaac and that it was an angel who commanded Abraham to stop . 
In some societies it was legal for an owner to kill a slave ; in others it was a crime . 
1413
However , on seeing Mesha 's act of offering his own son in a human sacrifice on the walls of Kir-haresheth filled Jehoshaphat with horror , and he withdrew and returned to his own land . 
For the first sacrifice , the taboos surrounding the sacred kine of Apollo had to be transgressed , and the trickster god of boundaries was the one to do it . 
1414
In the 1980s Bhangra artists were selling over 30,000 cassettes a week in the UK , but not one artist made their way into the Top 40 UK Chart , despite these artists outselling popular British ones , as most sales were not through the large UK record stores whose sales were recorded by the Official UK Charts Company . 
The world 's first single-chip fully-32-bit microprocessor , with 32-bit data paths , 32-bit buses , and 32-bit addresses , was the AT&amp;T Bell Labs BELLMAC-32A , with first samples in 1980 , and general production in 1982 After the divestiture of AT&amp;T in 1984 , it was renamed the WE 32000 -LRB- WE for Western Electric -RRB- , and had two follow-on generations , the WE 32100 and WE 32200 . 
1415
Alaska has no state sales tax , but allows localities to collect their own sales taxes up to a state-specified maximum . 
Income tax is also imposed on the taxable income of most corporations and again on dividends paid to stockholders , although individuals usually pay a preferential tax rate on dividends ; this is sometimes referred to as double taxation . 
1416
The infrared spectrum of a sample is recorded by passing a beam of infrared light through the sample . 
In the 1990s , blues performers explored a range of musical genres , as can be seen , for example , from the broad array of nominees of the yearly Blues Music Awards , previously named W. C. Handy Awards or of the Grammy Awards for Best Contemporary and Traditional Blues Album . 
1417
A victorious ape tosses his bone into the air , at which point the film makes a celebrated jump cut to an orbiting weapons satellite , circa 2000 . 
Today , six out of the seven American serials air sixty-minute episodes each weekday . 
1418
Under certain conditions , this RF signal provided energy that was modulated by the extremely weak satellite signal received at the earth station . 
Decide in what ways God is calling you to be a follower of Jesus . '' 
1419
When satellites reach the end of their mission , satellite operators have the option of de-orbiting the satellite , leaving the satellite in its current orbit or moving the satellite to a graveyard orbit . 
The Australian and New Zealand usage came about as outer areas were quickly surrounded in fast-growing cities , but retained the appellation '' suburb '' ; the term was eventually applied to the original core as well . 
1420
With these satellites in place China 's domestic satellite communication network went into operation , facilitating television and radio transmissions and providing direct-dial longdistance telephone , telegraph , and facsimile service . 
These samples provide the most comprehensive record of the composition of any Solar System body beside the Earth . 
1421
Upon seeing the Sun , the villagers scattered , some to the ocean where they became sea creatures and some to the forest where they became forest creatures . 
In the first match of the tournament versus India , Cronje came onto the field with an earpiece wired to coach Bob Woolmer , but at the first drinks break match referee Talat Ali ordered him to remove it . 
1422
Scattered disc . 
When the tsar ordered the Duma to disband , ordered strikers to return to work , and ordered troops to shoot at demonstrators in the streets , his orders triggered the February Revolution , especially when soldiers openly sided with the strikers . 
1423
As with all wave effects , for incoherent scattering the scattered powers add arithmetically , while for coherent scattering , such as if the particles are very near each other , the fields add arithmetically and the sum must be squared to obtain the total scattered power . 
Critics complained that the film was incoherent , and the experience soured Peckinpah forever on Hollywood . 
1424
Over 93 % of Roshan 's staff comprises Afghan nationals , whose average age is 23 ; many employees only have a high school degree . 
Welles also appeared as Cesare Borgia in the 1949 Italian film '' Prince of Foxes '' , with Tyrone Power and Mercury Theatre alumnus Everett Sloane , and as the Mongol warrior Bayan in the 1950 film version of the novel '' The Black Rose '' -LRB- again with Tyrone Power -RRB- . '' 
1425
The university 's most famous professional school is the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs , founded in 1930 as the School of Public and International Affairs and renamed in 1948 after university president -LRB- and US President -RRB- Woodrow Wilson . 
These teachings placed the active , rational human subject at the center of the cognitive and moral worlds . 
1426
With few exceptions , Somalis are entirely Muslims , the majority belonging to the Sunni branch of Islam and the Shafi ` i school of Islamic jurisprudence , although some are also adherents of the Shia Muslim denomination . 
Like anthias , they will school , but in many cases this tendency disappears as they age . 
1427
Iceman also began a brief relationship with the Xavier School 's nurse , Annie , however she ended up leaving him for Havok , who had just left Polaris at the altar . 
The peripheral nervous system -LRB- PNS -RRB- is a collective term for the nervous system structures that do not lie within the CNS . 
1428
His science fiction novels revolve around his own concept of the Instrumentality of Mankind , an all-powerful central government of humanity . 
Rembrandt 's work , now praised for its ephemeral virtues , was most admired by his contemporaries for its virtuosity . 
1429
A physicist is a scientist who studies or practices physics . 
With the Florentine cosmographer Paolo Toscanelli he collaborated in astronomy , a close science to geography at that time , and produced a small Latin work on geography , '' Descriptio urbis Romae '' -LRB- '' The Panorama of the City of Rome '' -RRB- . 
1430
The most common meats used in Vietnamese cuisine are pork , chicken , fish , and various kinds of seafood . 
In early 1980 , Lennon heard Lene Lovich and The B-52 's ' '' Rock Lobster '' in a nightclub , and it reminded him of Ono 's musical sound . 
1431
Native Chinese cuisine makes frequent use of Asian leafy vegetables like bok choy and kai-lan and puts a greater emphasis on fresh meat and seafood . 
Western Asia is geographically contained from Europe , Asia and Africa , clockwise , by the Caucasus Mountains , the Caspian Sea , the Iranian plateau , the Persian Gulf , the Gulf of Oman , the Arabian Sea , the Gulf of Aden , the Red Sea , the Sinai Peninsula , the Mediterranean Sea , the Aegean Sea , and the Black Sea , and lies largely on the Arabian tectonic plate . 
1432
To the east , the boundaries of the ocean proper are Europe , the Strait of Gibraltar -LRB- where it connects with the Mediterranean Sea , one of its marginal seas and , in turn , the Black Sea -RRB- and Africa . 
A '' heaping '' -LRB- American English -RRB- or '' heaped '' -LRB- British English -RRB- teaspoonful is a larger inexact measure , equal to the most that can be obtained by scooping the dry ingredient up without levelling it off . 
1433
As Bonds began to close in on the record during the 2007 season , Aaron let it be known that , although he recognized Bonds ' achievements , he would not be present when Bonds broke the record . 
There are six categories within the SSC scheme : Dry Polar -LRB- similar to continental polar -RRB- , Dry Moderate -LRB- similar to maritime superior -RRB- , Dry Tropical -LRB- similar to continental tropical -RRB- , Moist Polar -LRB- similar to maritime polar -RRB- , Moist Moderate -LRB- a hybrid between maritime polar and maritime tropical -RRB- , and . 
1434
On 18 June 1912 , Marconi gave evidence to the Court of Inquiry into the loss of the '' Titanic '' regarding the marine telegraphy 's functions and the procedures for emergencies at sea . 
Outcome-based methods have been adopted in significant ways in the United States , Australia , South Africa , Hong Kong , and other countries . 
1435
Hak Ja Han gave birth to 14 children ; her second daughter died in infancy . 
The Vikings came into the season trying to redeem themselves after a one sided Super Bowl VIII loss after which they became the first team ever to lose two Super Bowls -LRB- the other loss was in Super Bowl IV -RRB- as well as losing back to back Super Bowls . 
1436
This text became the Second Edition of '' The Lord of the Rings '' , published in 1966 . 
In addition to the Los Angeles County-USC Medical Center , which is one of the nation 's largest teaching hospitals , the campus includes three patient care facilities : USC/Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center , USC University Hospital , and the Doheny Eye Institute . 
1437
The regiment was deployed during the Second Boer War from the outset playing a key role in the first battle at Talana Hill . 
Speed in the run-up , or approach , and a high leap off the board are the fundamentals of success . 
1438
Greek nouns in the second declension are derived from Omicron Declension . 
The cofinality of an ordinal formula_6 is the smallest ordinal formula_7 which is the order type of a cofinal subset of formula_6 . 
1439
There was no change in competition format ; the same number of teams competed in the top flight , and promotion and relegation between the Premier League and the new First Division remained on the same terms as between the old First and Second Divisions . 
The Blu-ray was subsequently released by Second Sight Films in the United Kingdom on November 16 , 2009 . 
1440
While stationed in St Kitts , West Indies , on , he had his first encounter with Clements Markham , then Secretary of the Royal Geographical Society -LRB- RGS -RRB- , who would loom large in Scott 's later career . 
The first artificial satellite was Sputnik 1 , launched by the Soviet Union on October 4 1957 , and initiating the Soviet Sputnik program , with Sergei Korolev as chief designer and Kerim Kerimov as his assistant . 
1441
This diplomatic breakthrough followed years of negotiation , including a visit by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan to Libya in December 1998 , and personal appeals by Nelson Mandela . 
Egypt 's mineral and energy resources include petroleum , natural gas , phosphates , gold and iron ore . 
1442
The term '' conspiracy theory '' is frequently used by scholars and in popular culture to identify secret military , banking , or political actions aimed at '' stealing '' power , money , or freedom , from '' the people '' . 
After that , President Pervez Musharraf began consultations with his allies , and with his legal team , on the implications of the impeachment ; he said that he was ready to reply to the charges levied upon him and seek the vote of confidence from the senate and the parliament , as required by the coalition parties . 
1443
This was the first published practical method for establishing a shared secret-key over an authenticated -LRB- but not private -RRB- communications channel without using a prior shared secret . 
A PDF document may be protected by password to open -LRB- ' user ' password -RRB- and the document may also specify operations that should be restricted even when the document is decrypted : printing ; copying text and graphics out of the document ; modifying the document ; and adding or modifying text notes and AcroForm fields -LRB- using ' owner ' password . 
1444
Tycho Brahe used a similar phrase to summarize his studies in astrology : '' suspiciendo despicio '' , '' by looking up I see downward '' . 
Newcomers to recursion are often bewildered by its apparent circularity , until they learn to appreciate that a termination condition is key . 
1445
Needless to say , there are various controversies concerning the order and significance of eschatological events , some of which are discussed below -LRB- see '' Major Theological Positions on the Millennium and Associated Events '' -RRB- . 
The ancient diocese of Scythopolis was also relocated under the Archbishop of Nazareth , one of the four archdioceses in the Kingdom of Jerusalem . 
1446
In these , Adams claims that one of the first computers he ever saw was a Commodore PET , and that his love affair with the Apple Macintosh first began after seeing one at Infocom 's headquarters in Massachusetts in 1983 -LRB- though that was very likely an Apple Lisa -RRB- . 
Training for military -LRB- or civilian -RRB- air traffic controllers -LRB- ATC -RRB- represents an excellent application for speech recognition systems . 
1447
Double Attack Blackjack has very liberal blackjack rules and the option of increasing one 's wager after seeing the dealer 's up card . 
Two areas that are seeing a growth in companies and office space are Upper Hill , which is approximately from the CBD and Westlands , which is approximately the same distance . 
1448
For example , many people report seeing a loved one who has recently died before they have learned by other means that their loved one is deceased . 
Although four - and higher-dimensional spaces are difficult to visualize , the algebra of Cartesian coordinates can be extended relatively easily to four or more variables , so that certain calculations involving many variables can be done . 
1449
The entire flow of the Colorado River passes through the turbines -LRB- except for seepage around the edges of the dam through the semi-porous volcanic rock it rests against -RRB- . 
When grown for opium production , the skin of the ripening pods of these poppies is scored by a sharp blade at a time carefully chosen so that neither rain , wind , nor dew can spoil the exudation of white , milky latex , usually in the afternoon . 
1450
For full message text , see . 
In comparison with Tolstoy , whose characters are realistic , the characters of Dostoyevsky are usually more symbolic of the ideas they represent , thus Dostoyevsky is often cited as one of the forerunners of Literary Symbolism , especially Russian Symbolism -LRB- see Alexander Blok -RRB- . 
1451
On August 1 , 1917 , the Senate passed a resolution containing the language of the amendment to be presented to the states for ratification by a vote of 65 to 20 , with the Democrats voting 36 in favor and 12 in opposition and the Republicans voting 29 in favor and 8 in opposition . 
The state has 93 counties ; it occupies the central portion of the Frontier Strip . 
1452
He graduated as a Second Lieutenant and was sent to Madison Barracks in New York , where he was promptly shipped to Casablanca and , later in the war , to France . 
In this manner the community can even out the extreme differences in insurability that exist among its members . 
1453
One such radio serial , '' Big Sister '' , featured actress Thelma Scott in the cast and aired nationally for five years from 1942 . 
Poorly staged and with only Joplin on piano accompaniment , it was '' a miserable failure , '' the public being not yet ready for '' crude '' black musical forms , so different from the style of European grand opera of that time , irrespective of its '' excellent craftsmanship . '' 
1454
but utilizing the V-1650-11 engine , which was never built ; and its Dallas-built version , the P-51M , or NA-124 , which utilized the V-1650-9A engine lacking water injection and therefore rated for lower maximum power , of which one was built out of the original 1629 ordered , serial number 45-11743 . 
Choosing a Cartesian coordinate system for a three-dimensional space means choosing an ordered triplet of lines -LRB- axes -RRB- , any two of them being perpendicular ; a single unit of length for all three axes ; and an orientation for each axis . 
1455
While in Wisconsin , he conducted multiple interviews with Ed Gein , the infamous serial killer who was a resident at Mendota State Hospital in Madison . 
In September 2009 , Air Force Colonel Om Prakash sharply criticized the policy in an article published in '' Joint Force Quarterly '' . 
1456
In July 2004 , Tulip announced a new series of products using the Commodore name : fPET , a flash memory-based USB Key drive ; mPET , a flash-based MP3 Player and digital recorder ; eVIC , a 20 GB music player ; and the C64 DTV . 
In 2001 , BBC Radio 4 broadcast '' There Are Such Things '' by Steven McNicoll and Mark McDonnell . 
1457
To do this , her explanation created a series of oppositions around the work 's relationship to its environment . 
String operations . 
1458
The Seven = = = . 
It dominated the ratings , never leaving the top 5 watched shows of the year in its second through tenth season and landing on the number 1 spot in season eight -LRB- 2001-2002 season -RRB- . '' 
1459
the frequencies of alleles -LRB- variations in a gene -RRB- in a sufficiently large population will remain constant if the only forces acting on that population are the random reshuffling of alleles during the formation of the sperm or egg , and the random combination of the alleles in these sex cells during fertilization . 
Schools of sociology differ in how they conceptualise class . 
1460
Intersex '' is the word adopted by intersex activists who criticize traditional medical approaches to sex assignment and seek to be heard in the construction of new approaches . 
Some thinkers have attempted to distinguish between the concept of Hinduism as a religion , and a Hindu as a member of a nationalist or socio-political class . 
1461
He defined them as : '' appearances deceive ; conspiracies drive history ; nothing is haphazard ; the enemy always gains power , fame , money , and sex '' . 
Coitus may be preceded by foreplay , which leads to sexual arousal of the partners , resulting in the erection of the penis and natural lubrication of the vagina . 
1462
Much of the increase has occurred among men who have sex with men and is attributed to increased rates of unsafe sexual practices . 
It was first used to explain the evolution -LRB- and stability -RRB- of the approximate 1:1 sex ratios . 
1463
With the sale of so many records , sheet music , and piano rolls , the song became one of the most popular hits of 1908 . 
Aksumites carved , constructed monolithic stelaes to cover the graves of their kings like King Ezana 's Stele and churches out of pure rock , like Church of St. George at Lalibela . 
1464
The Music Building -LRB- on the northwest quadrant of campus where many of the fine arts disciplines are clustered -RRB- houses the Fine Arts Library , including reference collections for architecture , music -LRB- including sheet music , recordings and listening stations -RRB- , and photography . 
It is split into the ' northern ' and ' southern ' hemispheres , divided in the middle by an 10-km wide expanse of water the astronauts dub the ' Cylindrical Sea ' . 
1465
Among the artifacts at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum Exhibition are Joplin 's scarf and necklaces , her 1965 Porsche 356 Cabriolet with psychedelically-designed painting , and a sheet of LSD blotting paper designed by Robert Crumb , designer of the '' Cheap Thrills '' cover . 
Like all convex polyhedra , a tetrahedron can be folded from a single sheet of paper . 
1466
Competitors receive a '' control description sheet '' or '' clue sheet '' which gives a precise description of the feature and the location of the kite , e.g. , boulder , 5m , north side . 
The worksheet also indicates the reel strip settings , number of coins that may be played , the payout schedule , the number of reels and other information descriptive of the particular type of slot machine . 
1467
Promiscuities '' reports on and analyzes the shifting patterns of contemporary adolescent sexuality . 
The association with Chios dates back at least to Semonides of Amorgos who cited a famous line in the '' Iliad '' -LRB- 6.146 -RRB- as by '' the man of Chios '' . 
1468
A legacy of the Audi 5000 and other reported cased of sudden unintended acceleration are intricate gear stick patterns and brake interlock mechanisms to prevent inadvertent shifting into forward or reverse . 
In their forced move westward -LRB- under U.S. Indian removal policies -RRB- , the Five Civilized Tribes inhabited Arkansas during its territorial period . 
1469
Rome 's expansion spread Latin throughout Europe , and over time Vulgar Latin evolved and dialectized in different locations , gradually shifting into a number of distinct Romance languages . 
As privilege escalation exploits have increased this priority is shifting for the release of Microsoft Windows Vista . 
1470
This is because the frequency of the light shining on the cap is above the cap 's threshold frequency . 
The subject of the work is the history which lies hidden in the words of the German language -LRB- the oldest natural history of the Teutonic tribes determined by means of language -RRB- . 
1471
One major new development in the early 21st century is the development of systems that make it much easier for regular people to write , shoot , edit and distribute their own movies without the large apparatus of the film industry . 
St. Louis ' style of pass differs entirely from that in use in the east ... The St. Louis university players shoot the ball hard and accurately to the man who is to receive it ... The fast throw by St. Louis enables the receiving player to dodge the opposing players , and it struck me as being all but perfect . '' '' 
1472
After each round , the archers take their own arrow and shoot directly in the opposite direction -LRB- thus having opposite windage -RRB- . 
Hill also performed stunts such as shooting an apple held by a volunteer and shooting a stone as it was thrown in the air . 
1473
As a result , it is possible to shoot at a faster rate compared to unmodified version . 
Members of this small group have either a single divided sucker or a row of suckers that cover the underside . 
1474
The service has participated in every major U.S. conflict from 1790 through today , including landing troops on D-Day and on the Pacific Islands in World War II , in extensive patrols and shore bombardment during the Vietnam War , and multiple roles in Operation Iraqi Freedom . 
After years of amateur tape recordings made at filksings , a trickle of studio-produced albums and tapes began to arrive in the 1970s . 
1475
On the shore , dimly seen through the mists of the deep , Where the foe 's haughty host in dread silence reposes , What is that which the breeze , o'er the towering steep , As it fitfully blows , half conceals , half discloses ? 
Beam bridges typically do not exceed 250 feet long . 
1476
Grappling hooks would be used both as a weapon and for towing damaged ships -LRB- ally or enemy -RRB- back to shore . 
Cities were founded in the middle of the newly conquered territories , and were bound to several laws about administration , finances and urbanism . 
1477
The estuary is one of the few good harbours on West Africa 's surf-pounded '' Windward Shore '' -LRB- Liberia to Senegal -RRB- , and also has a good watering spot ; it soon became a favourite destination of European mariners . 
The U.S. Geological Survey predicts two-thirds of the world 's polar bears will disappear by 2050 , based on moderate projections for the shrinking of summer sea ice caused by global warming . 
1478
Short states that Chambers added '' that he was ' good ' but he ' was not that good ' to have fashioned anything nearly so convincing as the Bluff Creek Bigfoot . '' 
After the culmination of the Fleetwood Mac reunion tour , Nicks settled down in Los Angeles and Phoenix with close friends and colleagues to devise a track list for this three-disc collection . 
1479
The Short North , situated just north of downtown , is rich with art galleries , dining , pubs , and specialty shops . 
Colors in diamond originate from lattice defects and impurities . 
1480
However the shots inside the workplace -LRB- usually in the lunchroom -RRB- are never actually shot at the university . 
Junior Bonner '' was marked by sharp character development , colorful location detail and unusually tender scenes between Preston and Lupino as Bonner 's estranged parents . 
1481
Women would sometimes be tortured and raped before being shot . 
The Bolshevik government was firmly in control of the core of Russia , from Petrograd through Moscow and south to Tsaritsyn -LRB- now Volgograd -RRB- . 
1482
With this band Clapton recorded '' 461 Ocean Boulevard '' -LRB- 1974 -RRB- , an album with an emphasis on more compact songs and fewer guitar solos ; the cover-version of '' I Shot The Sheriff '' was Clapton 's first # 1 hit and was important in bringing reggae and the music of Bob Marley to a wider audience . 
Early multi-barrel guns were approximately the size and weight of contemporary artillery pieces , and were often perceived as a replacement for cannon firing grapeshot or cannister shot . 
1483
Originally conceived as a television pilot , a large portion of the film was shot with Lynch 's plan to keep it open-ended for a potential series . 
They kill bacteria and other potentially harmful microorganisms through a process known as sterilization . 
1484
The passenger is shot and killed by Garry -LRB- Donald Moffat -RRB- , the station commander . 
Innovations continued , notably the German invention of the mortar , a thick-walled , short-barreled gun that blasted shot upward at a steep angle . 
1485
Other vinyl products including car interiors , shower curtains , and flooring initially release chemical gases into the air . 
Surprisingly , flood and ebb flows are often not in opposite directions . 
1486
In the 1930s through the 1950s , Buckminster Fuller 's three prototype Dymaxion houses adopted many techniques to reduce resource use , such as a '' fogger '' shower head to reduce water use , a packaging toilet , and a vacuum turbine for electric power . 
In notes dating to 1779 , Darwin made a sketch of a simple hydrogen-oxygen rocket engine , with gas tanks connected by plumbing and pumps to an elongated combustion chamber and expansion nozzle , a concept not to be seen again until one century later . 
1487
Other vinyl products including car interiors , shower curtains , and flooring initially release chemical gases into the air . 
Hail is one of the most significant thunderstorm hazards to aircrafts . 
1488
Notable signage includes the Toshiba billboard directly under the NYE ball drop and the curved seven-story NASDAQ sign at the NASDAQ MarketSite at 4 Times Square on 43rd Street and the curved Coca-Cola sign located underneath another large LED display owned and operated by Samsung . 
The story in which Ilya , Metropolitan of the Lebanon Mountains , claimed to receive a sign from heaven that '' The churches and monasteries must be reopened throughout the country . 
1489
In American Sign Language -LRB- ASL -RRB- , more lexical items are fingerspelled in casual conversation than in formal or narrative signing . 
It is unarguable that the development is a considerable commercial success at street level . 
1490
A sign at the entranced declared '' Qui Stabilimento Lamborghini Automobile '' -LRB- -RRB- , boasting of space . 
Mitchell was recognised as being more than a token envoy and someone representing a President -LRB- Bill Clinton -RRB- with a deep interest in events . 
1491
Because of the striking similarity that each floor shared , the dense smoke caused the firefighters to become disoriented . 
Comparative law is different from the fields of general jurisprudence -LRB- legal theory -RRB- , international law , including both public international law and private international law -LRB- also known as conflict of laws -RRB- . 
1492
The group 's worldwide buzz started with '' Ego Trippin ' , '' its first 12-inch single on Next Plateau Records in 1986 that was the first hip hop song to feature the infamous '' Synthetic Substitution '' drum break sample . 
Philadelphia or Baltimore teams , depending on their location within the state , with Philadelphia teams receiving the largest fan following , though before the Baltimore Ravens entered the NFL , the Washington Redskins had a significant fan base in Sussex County and the Baltimore Colts had a significant fan base in northern counties . 
1493
Though Protestants and Anglicans are in the overall majority , the Roman Catholic Church of Ireland is the largest single church . 
From the 1910s onwards they began to be replaced by less labour intensive and cleaner -LRB- but more complex and expensive -RRB- diesel locomotives and electric locomotives , while at about the same time self-propelled multiple unit vehicles of either power system became much more common in passenger service . 
1494
The origins of the film came from Reiner 's return to single life after a divorce . 
The tank appeared to be undamaged , but a loosely-fitting filling tube was apparently damaged , and photographs suggested that the close-out cap on the top of the tank may have hit the fuel cell shelf . 
1495
In singles , the server stands in her/his right service court when her/his score is even , and in her/his left service court when her/his score is odd . 
Badminton is a racquet sport played by either two opposing players -LRB- singles -RRB- or two opposing pairs -LRB- doubles -RRB- , who take positions on opposite halves of a rectangular court that is divided by a net . 
1496
They have sold 65 million records worldwide with only four albums and eleven singles , making them the most successful British band since The Beatles and the best selling girl group of all time . 
The single was released ahead of the album in September 1970 and reached number four on the UK charts , remaining Black Sabbath 's only top ten hit . 
1497
The next single , '' What Do I Get ? '' 
This increases the usual number of common months between leap months to roughly 34 months when a doublet of common years occurs , while reducing the number to about 29 months when only a common singleton occurs . 
1498
The lines to the inside of the doubles sidelines are the singles sidelines and are used as boundaries in singles play . 
Table tennis was growing in popularity by 1901 when table tennis tournaments were being organized , books on table tennis were being written , and an unofficial world championship was held in 1902 . 
1499
His erratic behavior continued , however , as he would sit naked in his bedroom with a pink hotel napkin placed over his genitals , watching movies . 
In the official yearly Court photograph , Justices are arranged similarly , with the five most senior members sitting in the front row in the same order as they would sit during Court sessions , and the four most junior Justices standing behind them , again in the same order as they would sit during Court sessions . 
1500
Margaret refused to accept any solution that would disinherit her son , and it became clear that she would only tolerate the situation for as long as the Duke of York and his allies retained the military ascendancy . 
Despite changes in the prop , the TARDIS has become the show 's most consistently recognisable visual element . 
1501
Situation was not any better with the combat aircraft ; continuous operations meant skipped maintenance schedules and many aircraft were withdrawn from service awaiting spare parts and service . 
Other applications of PCR include DNA sequencing to determine unknown PCR-amplified sequences in which one of the amplification primers may be used in Sanger sequencing , isolation of a DNA sequence to expedite recombinant DNA technologies involving the insertion of a DNA sequence into a plasmid or the genetic material of another organism . 
1502
after receiving repeated assurances that no offensive missiles were being placed in Cuba , and that when these assurances proved to be false , the deployment '' required the responses I have announced ... I hope that your government will take necessary action to permit a restoration of the earlier situation . '' 
These agents can be moles -LRB- who are recruited before they get access to secrets -RRB- , defectors -LRB- who are recruited after they get access to secrets and leave their country -RRB- or defectors in place -LRB- who get access but do not leave -RRB- . 
1503
For example , '' Datura '' have the interesting property of being able to change size of plant , size of leaf , and size of flowers , all depending on location . 
It has become common in the aviation community to classify jet fighters by '' generations '' for historical purposes . 
1504
The lute belly is almost never finished , though in some cases the luthier may size the top with a very thin coat of shellac or glair in order to help keep it clean . 
Its coat colour varies from light-sand , to red-sand , red - or mahogany with or without brindling , black mantle , black mask , black ears . 
1505
since a sufficiently advanced civilization could potentially be observable over a significant fraction of the size of the observable universe . 
The magnitude of the vector is the distance between the two points and the direction refers to the direction of displacement from '' A '' to '' B '' . 
1506
To encrypt messages longer than the block size -LRB- 128 bits in the above example -RRB- , a mode of operation is used . 
Following the Second World War , existentialism became a well-known and significant philosophical and cultural movement , mainly through the public prominence of two French writers , Jean-Paul Sartre and Albert Camus , who wrote best-selling novels , plays and widely-read journalism as well as theoretical texts . 
1507
The frequency and size of beachings around the world , recorded over the last 1,000 years in religious tracts and more recently in scientific surveys , have been used to estimate the population of various whale species by assuming that the proportion of the total whale population beaching in any one year is . 
Peckinpah spent a great deal of his life in Mexico after his marriage to Palacios , eventually buying property in the country . 
1508
Metal halide emits more light in the blue spectrum , making it ideal for plant growth but is harmful to unprotected skin and can cause skin cancer . 
Its nose is flesh colored , as are its ears , eye rims , and pads of feet . 
1509
Flash wears a bright red , skin tight , spandex unitard which conforms to his body like a second skin . 
Free oxygen also occurs in solution in the world 's water bodies . 
1510
Examples include the '' earth tones '' of deer , squirrels , or moles -LRB- to match trees or dirt -RRB- , or the combination of blue skin and white underbelly of sharks via countershading -LRB- which makes them difficult to detect from both above and below -RRB- . 
South American poison dart frogs in the genus '' Dendrobates '' feed mainly on ants , and the toxins in their skin may come from the ants . 
1511
Richard of York was slain in the battle , and both Salisbury and York 's 17-year-old second son , Edmund , Earl of Rutland , were captured and executed . 
The feuding families and the Prince meet at the tomb to find all three dead . 
1512
King William the Second , surnamed Rufus , being slain , as before related , was laid in a cart , belonging to one Purkis , and drawn from hence , to Winchester , and buried in the Cathedral Church , of that city . 
King partly dedicated his book '' Cell '' to film director George Romero , and wrote an essay for the Elite DVD version of '' Night of the Living Dead '' . 
1513
Although in his later years , towards the end of the Trojan War , his old opponents took his side again against the Greeks under their queen Penthesilea '' of Thracian birth '' , who was slain by Achilles . 
On January 30 , 1835 , what is believed to be the first attempt to kill a sitting President of the United States occurred just outside the United States Capitol . 
1514
The mode that a drive must use is often set by a jumper setting on the drive itself , which must be manually set to '' master '' or '' slave '' . 
When the new version appears to work , it is written over the previous version . 
1515
There were celebrations in 2007 to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Abolition of the slave trade in the United Kingdom through the work of the British Anti-Slavery Society . 
A primary reason for the explosion of 401 -LRB- k -RRB- plans is that such plans are cheaper for employers to maintain than a defined benefit pension for every retired worker . 
1516
The evidence for most of these claims is slight . 
In many systems , the prime minister selects and can dismiss other members of the cabinet , and allocates posts to members within the Government . 
1517
The title track starts off with the first few notes of Lara 's original theme used in all of the games before this one , being played with slight ornamentation on a Middle-Eastern duduk . 
Another inspiration came from a totally different kind of source ; the scientific progresses at the time in such wide areas as biology , astronomy , geology and physics , all contributed to make the human race seem even more insignificant , powerless and doomed in a materialistic and mechanical universe , and was a major contributor to the ideas that later would be known as cosmicism , and which gave further support to his atheism . 
1518
There are 3 differences , this version includes a 50-page booklet guide to the film , a slight variation in packaging from normal Blu-ray cases -LRB- Warner Bros. * Digibook * -RRB- and it includes a Digital Copy of the film . 
In her 2004 essay , '' The Silent Treatment '' , she claimed that , while she was attending Yale , Professor Harold Bloom touched her inner thigh . 
1519
Experienced condom users are significantly less likely to have a condom slip or break compared to first-time users , although users who experience one slippage or breakage are more likely to suffer a second such failure . 
Hull 's behavioural psychology interpretation of hypnosis , emphasizing conditioned reflexes , rivaled the Freudian psycho dynamic interpretation emphasizing unconscious transference . 
1520
It may be associated with slip along faults ; however , the slippage is slow and not considered an earthquake , where stationary faults must slip suddenly enough to create seismic waves . 
While still a girl , Henie had decided that she wanted to move to Hollywood and become a movie star when her competitive days were over , without considering that her thick accent might hinder her acting ambitions . 
1521
They were created to counter battleships and other large , slow and heavily armed ships by speed and agility . 
Adaptation occurs through the gradual modification of existing structures . 
1522
Smart was criticized for his use of the razor and ultimately retracted his advocacy of it in this context . 
Sadly the student sees the sails , blackened by the burning tar , and , thinking his created son is dead , throws himself to his death , for '' no man lives long when his dreams are dead . '' 
1523
That will ensure that you can keep smashing . 
-LRB- However , it is notable the Surfer used the Power Cosmic to blast the Champion into unconsciousness , rather than doing it with a blow -RRB- The Champion was next among the ten Elders who sought to restart the universe by killing Galactus . 
1524
Smashing is less prominent in singles than in doubles because players are rarely in the ideal position to execute a smash , and smashing often leaves the smasher vulnerable if the smash is returned . 
Lifts '' , where the shuttlecock is hit upwards to the back of the opponents ' court , can be played from all parts of the court . 
1525
Born in a server from a combination of dust , lint and quantum events , the Dust Puppy looks similar to a ball of dust and lint , with eyes , feet and an occasional big toothy smile . 
Elaine seems unsure , looks lovingly across at Ben but notices his expression and turns away with a similar expression as the bus drives away . 
1526
It is commonly an unwanted by-product of fires -LRB- including stoves , candles , oil lamps , and fireplaces -RRB- , but may also be used for pest control -LRB- cf. fumigation -RRB- , communication -LRB- smoke signals -RRB- , defense -LRB- smoke-screen -RRB- or smoking -LRB- tobacco , marijuana , etc. -RRB- . 
An isolated electron that is not undergoing acceleration is unable to emit or absorb a real photon ; doing so would violate conservation of energy and momentum . 
1527
The World Health Organization has called for governments to institute a total ban on tobacco advertising to prevent young people from taking up smoking . 
In the David Lynch film '' Blue Velvet '' , the bizarre and manipulative character played by Dennis Hopper uses a mask to inhale an unknown gas . 
1528
Hash is sometimes prepared for smoking by heating it with a flame , sometimes producing bubbling or sizzling as moisture and essential oils boil . 
Some of the properties of water that are important for life processes include a large temperature range over which it is liquid , a high heat capacity useful for temperature regulation , a large heat of vaporization , and the ability to dissolve a wide variety of compounds . 
1529
It 's also won six TV Quick/TV Choice Awards for ' Best Soap ' , three TRIC Awards for ' Soap of The Year ' and three Royal Television Society Awards for ' Best Continuing Drama ' . 
On 17 February 2009 , Mills was found guilty of accepting a bribe of about 400,000 Sterling Pounds , allegedly from Silvio Berlusconi . 
1530
His younger brother Elliot Caplin also became a comic strip creator , best known for co-creating the soap opera strip '' The Heart of Juliet Jones '' with artist Stan Drake , and conceiving the comic strip character '' Broom Hilda '' with cartoonist Russell Myers . 
Opera has a built in IRC client . 
1531
The show has won three Television BAFTAs for ' Best Continuing Drama ' , four British Soap Awards for ' Best Soap ' , five National Television Awards for ' Most Popular Serial Drama ' , five TV Quick and Choice Awards for ' Best Soap ' , six Royal Television Society Awards for ' Best Serial Drama ' , five TRIC Awards for ' Best Soap ' however was notably . 
Some players omit the saddle blanket . 
1532
While there is only one word for '' one '' -LRB- ' -RRB- , it triggers the soft mutation -LRB- '' treiglad meddal '' -RRB- of feminine nouns , other than those beginning with '' ll '' and '' rh '' . 
Among the regional foods associated with Philadelphia are pierogies , cheesesteaks , hoagie , soft pretzels , liver on a stick , Italian water ice , scrapple , Tastykake , and strombolis . 
1533
A programmer or coder , is someone who writes computer software . 
Many of the text elements are found in the 1988 ISO technical report TR 9537 '' Techniques for using SGML '' , which in turn covers the features of early text formatting languages such as that used by the RUNOFF command developed in the early 1960s for the CTSS -LRB- Compatible Time-Sharing System -RRB- operating system : these formatting commands were derived from the commands used by typesetters to manually format documents . 
1534
United States relations with Taiwan are not formal due to the recognition of the Peoples Republic of China as the sole Chinese regime . 
This equation is modified slightly to take into account a variety of situations such as diffraction through a single gap , diffraction through multiple slits , or diffraction through a diffraction grating that contains a large number of slits at equal spacing . 
1535
February 1968 saw the premiere of '' The Light in the Wilderness '' for baritone solo , choir , organ , the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra conducted by Erich Kunzel , and Brubeck improvising on certain themes within . 
An extant Coptic '' Acts of Andrew and Matthias , '' places his activity similarly in '' the city of the cannibals '' in Aethiopia . 
1536
The '' Blues '' transitioned to the straight-wing Grumman F9F-2 Panther on July 13 , 1949 , wherein the F8F-1 '' Beetle Bomb '' was relegated to solo aerobatics before the main show , until it crashed on takeoff at a training show in Pensacola in 1950 . 
They only pupate and then emerge from their burrows after 13 or 17 years , at which point they fly about , breed , and then die after a few weeks at most . 
1537
Overcoming cocaine addiction , dependency on tranquilizers , and chronic fatigue syndrome , Nicks remains a popular solo performer . 
Computers and many keyboards can be programmed to produce and play Musical Instrument Digital Interface -LRB- MIDI -RRB- music . 
1538
All of the ex-Doors solo albums have met with mixed reviews . 
An integral feature of fighting games includes the use of '' special attacks '' , also called '' secret moves '' , that employ complex combinations of button presses to perform a particular move beyond basic punching and kicking . 
1539
Brenda Salkield -LRB- Southwold -RRB- preferred friendship to any deeper relationship and maintained a correspondence with Blair for many years , particularly as a sounding board for his ideas . 
The restrictions on filename length and directory depth -LRB- 8 levels , including the root directory -RRB- are a more serious limitation of the ISO 9660 file system . 
1540
He has been described by other characters as sounding '' just like Vincent Price . '' 
Using an episodic sequence on the same set while the characters changed costume and make-up between cuts so that the scene following each cut would look as if it took place in the same location , but at a time long after the previous cut . 
1541
Thomson introduced a method of deep-sea sounding , in which a steel piano wire replaces the ordinary land line . 
Here we would replace the rank-1 projections by a finite set of positive operators after the measurement , the system now will be in the state Since the '' Fi Fi * '' 's need not be mutually orthogonal projections , the projection postulate of von Neumann no longer holds . 
1542
Until about the 11th century A.D. , the Angkorian Khmer confined their narrative bas-reliefs to the space on the tympana above doorways . 
In a location such as a steadily moving railway carriage , a dropped ball -LRB- as seen by an observer in the carriage -RRB- would behave as it would if it were dropped in a stationary carriage . 
1543
Even with the unused 54 bytes of header there was not enough space for the 256 colors available in VGA mode . 
Many factors combined to put intense pressure on Brian Wilson as '' Smile '' neared completion : Wilson 's own mental instability , the pressure to create against fierce internal opposition to his new music , the relatively unenthusiastic response to '' Pet Sounds '' , Carl Wilson 's draft resistance , and a . 
1544
Space Quest III : The Pirates of Pestulon '' . 
Note however that the topology considered on the type space is the constructible topology : a set of types is basic open iff it is of the form formula_60 or of the form formula_61 . 
1545
In addition , time and space dimensions should not be viewed as exactly equivalent in Minkowski space-time . 
When the soap opera hit a fever pitch in the 1970s , popular demand had most of the shows , one by one , expanded to an hour -LRB- one show , '' Another World '' , even expanded to ninety minutes for a short time -RRB- . 
1546
A chemistry coil is a tube of spiral form , used commonly to cool originating steam of the distillation and thus to condense them in liquid form . 
Given that the coiled texture is the natural state of most African Americans ' hair , this simple style is now often seen as a sign of self-acceptance and an affirmation that the beauty norms of dominant -LRB- northern/European -RRB- culture are not absolute . 
1547
Long available as a bootleg , this album includes the alternative takes of all the tracks from the '' Spiral Scratch '' EP as well as early version of tracks that later appeared on the official debut '' Another Music in a Different Kitchen '' . 
A DNA helix usually does not interact with other segments of DNA , and in human cells the different chromosomes even occupy separate areas in the nucleus called '' chromosome territories '' . 
1548
Deal returned to The Breeders and scored a hit with '' Cannonball '' from that group 's platinum-selling '' Last Splash '' in 1993 . 
Nights is not known to speak in the game , although he does make noise when he is injured . 
1549
He was hailed as a hero and from this time forth the legend of Anthony began to spread and grow . 
He refused to discharge federal officeholders when they actively joined the opposition , and even considered appointing Jackson to his cabinet . 
1550
Through commerce , Islam spread amongst the Somali population in the coastal cities of Somalia . 
Another large ethnic minority group , the Mexican-Americans , are among other Hispanics in the U.S. who fought to end racial discrimination and socioeconomic disparity . 
1551
Poliomyelitis , often called polio or infantile paralysis , is an acute viral infectious disease spread from person to person , primarily via the fecal-oral route . 
This is called '' anomalous dispersion '' . 
1552
Marmite 's publicity campaigns initially emphasised the spread 's healthy nature , extolling it as '' The growing up spread you never grow out of '' . '' 
He began by writing memos describing a distributed network to the IPTO staff , whom he called '' Members and Affiliates of the Intergalactic Computer Network '' . 
1553
Mandarin 's use has spread largely as a result of government-sponsored public campaigns and efforts to support its adoption and use over other Chinese languages . 
The roll of 1-2 is given special consideration , allowing the player , after moving the 1 and the 2 , to select any desired doubles move . 
1554
Because the availability of fissile material has long been considered the principal obstacle to , and '' pacing element '' for , a country 's nuclear weapons development effort , it was declared a major emphasis of U.S. policy in 2004 to prevent the further spread of uranium enrichment and plutonium reprocessing -LRB- a.k.a. '' ENR '' -RRB- technology . 
As Toronto has spread further out , York has found itself in a relatively central location within the built-up Greater Toronto Area -LRB- GTA -RRB- , and in particular , near the Jane and Finch neighbourhood . 
1555
For example , the square wave can be written as the Fourier series In the animation of a square wave at top right it can be seen that just a few terms already produce a fairly good approximation . 
If the net force on some body is directed always toward some fixed point , the '' center '' , then there is no torque on the body with respect to the center , and so the angular momentum of the body about the center is constant . 
1556
Characteristics of Sikh architecture are gilded fluted domes , cupolas , kiosks and stone lanterns with an ornate balustrade on square roofs . 
Written 575 years earlier , Magna Carta states , '' No free man shall be taken , imprisoned , disseised , outlawed , banished , or in any way destroyed , not will we proceed against or prosecute him , except by the lawful judgment of his peers and by the law of the land . '' 
1557
at the ceremony inducting them into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ; however , a full reunion took place in May 2005 , with Clapton , Bruce , and Baker playing four sold-out concerts at London 's Royal Albert Hall and three more at New York 's Madison Square Garden that October . 
The proposals which led to the 1948 Championship Tournament also specified the procedure by which challengers for the World Championship would be selected in a three-year cycle : countries affiliated with FIDE would send players to Zonal Tournaments -LRB- the number varied depending on the number of strong players each country had -RRB- ; the players who gained the top places in these would compete in an Interzonal Tournament -LRB- later split into two , then three tournaments as the number of countries and eligible players increased -RRB- ; the highest-placed players from the Interzonal . 
1558
Services further afield operate from the Edinburgh Bus Station off St. Andrew Square . 
A triangle is one of the basic shapes of geometry : a polygon with three corners or vertices and three sides or edges which are line segments . 
1559
On September 10 , 2009 , Nokia unveiled a new handset 7705 Twist , a phone with a sports square shape that swivels open to reveal a full QWERTY keypad . 
The subsequent 30 minutes would shape the rest of Hurst 's life . 
1560
He understood the parabola , both in terms of conic sections and in terms of the ordinate -LRB- y -RRB- varying as the square of the abscissa -LRB- x -RRB- . 
The properties of the electrostatic force were that it varied as an inverse square law directed in the radial direction , was both attractive and repulsive -LRB- there was intrinsic polarity -RRB- , was independent of the mass of the charged objects , and followed the law of superposition . 
1561
The stalls generally use awnings of a single color or shade -LRB- pink and red , for example -RRB- , making them easily identifiable from several blocks away . 
When renin levels are elevated , the concentrations of angiotensin II and aldosterone increase , leading to increased sodium chloride reabsorption , expansion of the extracellular fluid compartment , and an increase in blood pressure . 
1562
The final days event is the '' Croydon Mela '' , a day of music with a mix of traditional Asian culture and east meets western club beats across four stages as well as dozens of food stalls and a funfair . 
Occasionally , a livery will reflect the use of the vehicle , rather than its ultimate owner , such tour operators having specific liveries . 
1563
In March 1938 , his friend Anita Loos , a novelist and screenwriter , put him in touch with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer who hired Huxley for '' Madame Curie '' which was originally to star Greta Garbo and be directed by George Cukor . 
Ratings for that game , a San Francisco victory over Cincinnati , may have been boosted by a large blizzard that affected much of the northeastern United States on game day , keeping even more people than usual at home in front of the TV . 
1564
Though Kentucky was represented by the central star on the Confederate battle flag , the Russellville Convention did not represent the majority of residents . 
On the space-time diagram , its path is a hyperbola , which asymptotically approaches a 45 degree line -LRB- the path of a light ray -RRB- . 
1565
The logo of the Judean People 's Front , designed by Terry Gilliam , was a Star of David with a small line added to each point so it resembled a swastika , most familiar in the West as the symbol of the anti-Semitic Nazi movement . 
After this point , Barks produced most of his longer stories in '' Uncle Scrooge '' , with a focus mainly on adventure , while his ten-page stories for Walt Disney 's Comics and Stories continued to feature Donald as the star and focused on comedy . 
1566
Another model for the formation of the NPC is the production of a prepore as a start as opposed to a single protein complex . 
A combination of factors including the mass mobilization of capital markets through neoliberalism , the beginning of the widespread proliferation of new media such as the Internet , and the dissolution of the Soviet Union led to a realignment and reconsolidation of economic and political power across the world , and within countries . 
1567
Gonzalez would take over the everyday duties at first base , batting .304 with a club-leading 24 home runs and 82 RBI in his first year as a full-time starter . 
Gonzalez would take over the everyday duties at first base , batting .304 with a club-leading 24 home runs and 82 RBI in his first year as a full-time starter . 
1568
When Niels Bohr complained that he did not know how to finish a sentence in a scientific article he was writing , Dirac replied , '' I was taught at school never to start a sentence without knowing the end of it . '' 
It is not uncommon for the referees themselves to get knocked out during a match , which is commonly referred to by the term '' ref bump '' . 
1569
But after a 6-5 start , Montana led the 49ers to win 4 of their final 5 regular season games . 
In 1993 , Garry Kasparov and Nigel Short broke with FIDE to organize their own match for the title and formed a competing Professional Chess Association -LRB- PCA -RRB- . 
1570
However , the National Assembly has not officially changed the national borders , as doing so may be seen as a prelude to formal Taiwan independence -LRB- the People 's Republic of China has threatened to start a war if the government of Taiwan formalizes independence -RRB- . 
We say that any proposition formula_3 follows from any set of propositions formula_95 , if formula_3 must be true whenever every member of the set formula_95 is true . 
1571
After a false start penalty pushed them back to the 6-yard line , the Cowboys ran the ball on their next 3 plays to force Buffalo to use up all of their timeouts . 
When both packets start trying to transmit again , they interfere again and the backoff strategy may result in a longer and longer wait time before attempting to transmit again ; eventually a transmission succeeds but this then causes the flood and collisions to resume . 
1572
The army had traditionally never been a large employer in the nation , with the regular army standing at 247,432 at the start of the war . 
The year 2004 was the first year of budget deficit after three consecutive years of budget surpluses , which in turn had followed four years of deficits between 1997 and 2000 . 
1573
Nevertheless , the LiftPort Group stated in 2002 that by developing the technology , the first space elevator could be operational by 2014 . 
Eysenck 's theory , however , does propose biological mechanisms as driving traits , and modern behavior genetics researchers have shown a clear genetic substrate to them . 
1574
The Malletkat Express is composed of rubber pads for the '' keys '' so that any stick can be used . 
Occasionally agate fills a void left by decomposed vegetative material such as a tree limb or root and is called limb cast agate due to its appearance . 
1575
When a positive voltage is applied with the tip of a scanning tunneling microscope probe , the rotaxane rings in the tip area switch to a different part of the dumbbell and the resulting new conformation makes the molecules stick out from the surface by 0.3 nanometer and this height difference turns out to be sufficient for a memory dot . 
220,000 men and 1,100 tanks under Montgomery made their move against the 115,000 men and 559 tanks of '' Panzerarmee Afrika '' . 
1576
Still , '' bin Laden '' has become nearly universal in Western references to him . 
This is especially risky in a storage environment that experiences drastic fluctuations in humidity or temperature , leading to ferrotyping , or sticking of the photograph to the plastic . 
1577
Still utilizing an energic system , Freud conceptualized the question of energy directed at the self versus energy directed at others , called cathexis . 
Most Baba followers keep silent each July 10 -LRB- Silence Day -RRB- , observing the request Meher Baba often made of his followers during his lifetime . 
1578
They frequently start in karting or in cars that are completely stock except for safety modifications . 
See egg -LRB- biology -RRB- for a discussion of eggs of oviparous animals . 
1579
Ballmer is the second person after Roberto Goizueta to become a billionaire in U.S. dollars based on stock options received as an employee of a corporation in which he was neither a founder nor a relative of a founder . 
Growth of the colonial city . 
1580
American Stock Exchange . 
The balloonfish has a pelagic , or open-ocean , life stage . 
1581
Toyota is a public corporation and the company 's shares are traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange , New York Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange . 
Warner Bros. spent $ 15 million to market and promote the film , bringing the total budget from $ 125 million to $ 140 million . 
1582
National Periodical Publications became publicly traded on the stock market in 1961 . 
A number of older-style territorial micronations , including the Hutt River Province , Seborga , and Sealand , maintain websites that serve largely to promote their claims and sell merchandise . 
1583
In February 1993 the IAEA called on the DPRK to allow special inspections of the two sites so that the initial stocks of nuclear material could be verified . 
U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change -LRB- UNFCCC -RRB- . 
1584
Many stocks that are delisted quickly resume listing as over-the-counter -LRB- OTC -RRB- stocks . 
Today these stocks are nearly depleted , and their conservation has become a preoccupation of the Atlantic Provinces . 
1585
The ruse worked , and Henry and Edsel purchased all remaining stock from the other investors , thus giving the family sole ownership of the company . 
person with any African ancestry as black , and black people in the South had been effectively disfranchised , Harding 's campaign manager responded , '' No family in the state -LRB- of Ohio -RRB- has a clearer , a more honorable record than the Hardings ' , a blue-eyed stock from New England and Pennsylvania , the finest pioneer blood . '' 
1586
Houses designed to cope with interruptions in civil services generally incorporate a wood stove , or heat and power from diesel fuel or bottled gas , regardless of their other heating mechanisms . 
A negative temperature coefficient device , such as a thermistor , may be incorporated in the equipment 's heater supply or a ramp-up circuit may be employed to allow the heater or filaments to reach operating temperature more gradually than if powered-up in a step-function . 
1587
Grafton Street is nearly as renowned for its buskers and street-performers as for its fine shopping . 
Meanwhile , just a few blocks away , on Greenwood Avenue , confused members of the black community were gathering to discuss the situation that had been building at the courthouse . 
1588
She wrote two volumes of memoirs : '' The Downing Street Years '' , published in 1993 and '' The Path to Power '' published in 1995 . 
Additionally such a buffer may be feasible when a large block of data is assembled or disassembled -LRB- as required by a storage device -RRB- , or when data may be delivered in a different order than that in which it is produced . 
1589
Under construction across 2nd Street from Austin City Hall is the new Austin City Limits location that will be housed beneath a new W Hotel and residential tower . 
President of the Institute for American Values David Blankenhorn claims that children who grow up in homes where parents are married to one another are less likely to be impoverished , to have emotional or behavioral problems , to engage in premature sexual relations , to use drugs , or to commit suicide . 
1590
SER 's major London termini were London Bridge , Charing Cross , and Cannon Street . 
The earliest record for any Anglo-Saxon place names west of the Tamar is around 1040 : they are particularly noticeable in the north-east of the county . 
1591
The country 's rate of economic growth can not support rapid population growth or the strain which HIV/AIDS-related issues -LRB- i.e. , rising medical costs , street children , and decline in worker productivity -RRB- places on government resources . 
It carries six lanes of road traffic on its main roadway , two lanes of road traffic -LRB- formerly two tram tracks -RRB- and a footpath on its eastern side , and two railway tracks and a bicycle path along its western side , being broader than the east side . 
1592
The most striking example of a politically driven change in artistic forms comes from the Amarna period , where figures were radically altered to conform to Akhenaten 's revolutionary religious ideas . 
Prasutagus lived a long life of conspicuous wealth , and , hoping to preserve his line , made the Roman emperor co-heir to his kingdom along with his wife and two daughters . 
1593
media as one of hope for the future as several rising stars from the Rangers strong farm organization took their places with the club including the spectacular rookie season of defensive whiz Elvis Andrus as well as the dazzling debut of Neftali Feliz who tied a major league record by striking out the first five hitters he ever faced as a Major Leaguer . 
In 1951 , he gained national attention by accepting the '' Atherton '' case , in which a young telegraph operator had been accused of negligently causing a train crash by omitting crucial information from a message . 
1594
By 1080 , a huge area had been lost to the empire , and the Turks were within striking distance of Constantinople . 
By 1960 he had completed the design of the CDC 1604 , an improved low-cost ERA 1103 that had impressive performance for its price range . 
1595
Leonard Susskind had incorporated the holographic principle of Gerardus ' t Hooft into string theory , identifying the long highly-excited string states with ordinary thermal black hole states . 
For example , the ADD operation has as variants ADDI -LRB- add an 18-bit '' I '' mmediate constant to a register -RRB- , ADDM -LRB- add register contents to a '' M '' emory location -RRB- , ADDB -LRB- add to '' B '' oth , that is , add register contents to memory and also put the result in . 
1596
For every string that acts on a load , another factor of the tension force in the string acts on the load . 
The arrow 's manufacturer can arrange fletching to cause the arrow to rotate along its axis if desired . 
1597
Natural harmonics are produced by lightly touching -LRB- but not depressing -RRB- the string with the finger at certain places , and then bowing -LRB- or , rarely , plucking -RRB- the string . 
Also , the position of the saddle , usually a strip of bone or plastic across the bridge upon which the strings rest , determines the distance to the nut -LRB- at the top of the fingerboard -RRB- . 
1598
A handheld string driver can contain a pickup and driver , as in the EBow , which uses a small inductor coil to vibrate the string , creating a bow-like sustained sound . 
It is the smallest and highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments , which also includes the viola and cello . 
1599
In 1857 , the king had a stroke and remained incapacitated until his death in 1861 . 
There is a shuttle service connecting the University Hospital , which lies between North and Central Campuses , with other medical facilities throughout northeastern Ann Arbor . 
1600
By this point in his life , he had had several cardiovascular events -LRB- variously cited as heart attack or stroke -RRB- and was mentally inconsistent , suspicious , and generally no longer fit for such a job . 
Athena and Poseidon appear at the center of the composition , diverging from one another in strong diagonal forms , with the goddess holding the olive tree and the god of the sea raising his trident to strike the earth . 
1601
The steersman may row at bow , who has the best vision when looking over their shoulder , or on straighter courses stroke may steer , since they can point the stern of the boat at some landmark at the start of the course . 
The following day , newspapers reported that Sharon 's CAA had actually been diagnosed following his first stroke in December . 
1602
The Yale Political Union , the oldest student political organization in the United States , is often the largest organization on campus , and is advised by alumni political leaders such as John Kerry and George Pataki . 
Between 1905 and 1908 Elgar held the post of Peyton Professor of Music at the University of Birmingham -LRB- he was succeeded by his friend Granville Bantock -RRB- . 
1603
A study in Togo showed similar improvements . 
From 2007 , the university will also use space in the former Eveleigh railway yards , just to the south of Darlington , for examination purposes . 
1604
A study conducted in the state of Washington found that people who learned Braille at an early age did just as well , if not better than their sighted peers in several areas , including vocabulary and comprehension . 
This form of instruction emphasizes small classes with daily homework , and strives to make students actively responsible for their own learning by completing homework assignments prior to class and bringing the work to class to discuss collaboratively . 
1605
A Buddhist may study with a lama for decades before finally accepting him as his own guru . 
The Justice Department appealed the decision to the Supreme Court in April , 1992 , but the court declined to review the case . 
1606
Tourism geography is the study of travel and tourism as an industry , as a human activity , and especially as a place-based experience . 
A study conducted in the state of Washington found that people who learned Braille at an early age did just as well , if not better than their sighted peers in several areas , including vocabulary and comprehension . 
1607
On 25 April , after resupplying the Argentine garrison in South Georgia , the submarine ARA '' Santa Fe '' was spotted on the surface by a Westland Wessex HAS Mk 3 helicopter from HMS '' Antrim '' , which attacked the Argentine submarine with depth charges . 
Transcontinental flights and Hawaii flights have the '' Premium Sandwich and Chip Combo '' for purchase . 
1608
It operates as a semi-independent entity of the Special State Protection Service , an agency subordinate to the President . 
Celery salt is used as a seasoning , in cocktails -LRB- notably to enhance the flavour of Bloody Mary cocktails -RRB- , on the Chicago-style hot dog , and in Old Bay Seasoning . 
1609
After the 19th-century triumph of the nation-state in Europe , regional identity was subordinate to national identity , in regions such as Alsace-Lorraine , Catalonia , Brittany , Sicily , Sardinia and Corsica . 
As far as he was concerned , Rommel was an insubordinate defeatist and string-puller . 
1610
In subordinate clauses the verb is supposed to occur at the very end , but in speech this rule is often disregarded . 
Under European Union legislation , a liqueur wine is a fortified wine that contains not less than 17.5 % abv -LRB- except for certain quality liqueur wines -RRB- and that meets many additional criteria . 
1611
Continuous study of the scriptures , theological writings , and understanding and interpretation of church doctrine are embodied in several statements of faith and catechisms formally adopted by various branches of the church -LSB- often referred to as ' subordinate standards ' ; see Doctrine -LRB- below -RRB- -RSB- . 
The word '' starch '' is derived from Middle English '' sterchen '' , meaning to stiffen . '' 
1612
Possession of the substance for consumption without license from the Department of Health is illegal with a HK$ 1,000,000 fine and/or seven years ' imprisonment . 
Before it emerged as a unique discipline , control engineering was practiced as a part of mechanical engineering and control theory was studied as a part of electrical engineering , since electrical circuits can often be easily described using control theory techniques . 
1613
Physical dependence on a substance is defined by the appearance of characteristic withdrawal symptoms when the substance is suddenly discontinued . 
Idealism is a monistic theory , in which there is a single universal substance or principles . 
1614
He was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1890 to the Fifty-second Congress , but was elected to the Fifty-third and to the nine succeeding Congresses that sat between 1893 and 1913 . 
Van Horne , now president of the CPR , asked for government aid , and the government agreed to provide around $ 3.6 million to construct a railway from Lethbridge , Alberta through Crowsnest Pass to the south shore of Kootenay Lake , in exchange for the CPR agreeing to reduce freight rates in perpetuity for key commodities shipped in Western Canada . 
1615
In 1802 , an illness from which Haydn had been suffering for some time had increased in severity to the point that he became physically unable to compose . 
Beverages containing caffeine , such as coffee , tea , soft drinks , and energy drinks , enjoy great popularity . 
1616
The Problem of Pain '' is a 1940 book by C. S. Lewis , in which he seeks to provide an intellectual Christian response to questions about suffering . 
When these two components , i.e. consciousness and karma , interact , we experience the life we know at present . 
1617
The Bodhisattva ideal in Mahayana Buddhism involves the complete renunciation of oneself in order to take on the burden of a suffering world . 
His investments made him wealthy and he lived a comfortable retirement until suffering strokes in 1956 that robbed him of his vigor and left him in pain . 
1618
In contrast , Sadcore emphasised pain and suffering through melodic use of acoustic and electronic instrumentation in the music of bands like American Music Club and Red House Painters , while the revival of Baroque pop reacted against lo-fi and experimental music by placing an emphasis on melody and classical instrumentation , with artists like Belle and . 
Contrary to popular belief , Hades does not necessarily equate to hell , for there are places within it for both the good and the bad ; places of joy and places of suffering . '' 
1619
Starch is converted to sugar , which glycates protein , and is oxidized into advanced glycation endproducts -LRB- AGEs -RRB- , a caramelization process that also adds flavor . 
Some also argue that strong advocacy of a transhumanist approach to improving the human condition might divert attention and resources from social solutions . 
1620
The Visayas region is the main center for the sugar cane lines ; some of the mills , such as La Carlotta Milling in Negros , run charter trains for tourists . 
The islands prospered economically until the middle of the 1800s , when a combination of the abolition of slavery in the Territory , a series of disastrous hurricanes , and the growth in the sugar beet crop in Europe and the United States significantly reduced sugar cane production and led to a period of economic decline . 
1621
The term '' sugar '' usually refers to sucrose , which is also called '' table sugar '' or '' saccharose . '' 
There is a rough correlation between density of a wood and its strength -LRB- mechanical properties -RRB- . 
1622
In late 2009 , Giuliani announced that they had a security consulting contract with Rio de Janeiro , Brazil regarding the 2016 Summer Olympics . 
Darwin emphasises that he used the phrase '' struggle for existence '' in '' a large and metaphorical sense , including dependence of one being on another '' ; he gives examples ranging from plants struggling against drought to plants competing for birds to eat their fruit and disseminate their seeds . 
1623
She also appeared in the music video for Savage Garden 's '' I Knew I Loved You '' , and she sang two tracks , '' This Old Machine '' and '' Summer Day '' , on Jason Schwartzman 's 2007 solo album '' Nighttiming '' . 
Such attributes , are also termed Universals or Properties ; the nature of these , and whether they have any real existence and if so of what kind , is a long-standing issue , realism and nominalism representing opposing views . 
1624
In summer , the inhabitants lose touch with the sea altogether : '' for all its nearness , the sea was out of bounds ; young limbs had no longer the run of its delights . '' 
The ancient pagans , Druids , Egyptians , and Chinese , celebrated the Winter Solstice , -LRB- Dec. 21st -RRB- , the day of the year that the Sun begins its ascent in the sky , thereby ushering a fertile time of planting and bountiful harvests . 
1625
In 1934 , at the age of 16 , Bergman was sent to spend the summer vacation with family friends in Germany . 
At the same time , the data returned by space probes , and giant strides in detection methods , have allowed science to begin delineating habitability criteria on other worlds , and to confirm that at least other planets are plentiful , though aliens remain a question mark . 
1626
The Guru addresses God as having no form , no country , and no religion but as the seed of seeds , sun of suns , and the song of songs . 
In the evening the casket was transported to Washington , D.C. , and taken , aboard a bus similar to the one in which she made her protest , to lie in honor in the U.S. Capitol Rotunda , making her the first woman and second African American ever to receive this honor . 
1627
It designates the ecliptic as its fundamental plane and the position of the Sun at Vernal equinox as its prime meridian . 
The Guru addresses God as having no form , no country , and no religion but as the seed of seeds , sun of suns , and the song of songs . 
1628
In the 17th century , Johannes Kepler discovered that the orbits along which the planets travel around the Sun are ellipses with the Sun at one focus , in his first law of planetary motion . 
Adjusting the timing between when the transmitter sends a pulse and when the receiver stage is enabled will generally reduce the sunburst without affecting the accuracy of the range , since most sunburst is caused by a diffused transmit pulse reflected before it leaves the antenna . 
1629
In the early 1990s , sales began to slump for the Audi 80 series , and some basic construction problems started to surface . 
When issues were thoroughly vetted , then the best ideas would bubble to the surface . 
1630
When sodium catches fire in air -LRB- as opposed to just the hydrogen gas generated from water by means of its reaction with sodium -RRB- it more easily produces temperatures high enough to melt the sodium , exposing more of its surface to the air and spreading the fire . 
Rake is measured by placing a protractor flat on the planar surface , with the flat edge horizontal and measuring the angle of the lineation clockwise from horizontal . 
1631
On July 22 , 2005 , Selig heard Rogers ' appeal of his suspension . 
For his part , Merkle was doomed to endless criticism and vilification throughout his career for this lapse , which went down in history as '' Merkle 's Boner '' . 
1632
Like suspension bridges , cable-stayed bridges are held up by cables . 
There are six main types of bridges : beam bridges , cantilever bridges , arch bridges , suspension bridges , cable-stayed bridges and truss bridges . 
1633
The Qutb Shahi dynasty held sway over the Andhra country for about two hundred years from the early part of the 16th century to the end of the 17th century . 
Under the power given him in 1991 to appoint the chief executives of territories , oblasts , autonomous regions , and the autonomous oblast , Yeltsin had appointed virtually all of the sixty-six leaders of those jurisdictions . 
1634
Only in more recent times has silversmithing become mainly work in jewellery , as much less solid silver tableware is now handmade . 
Traditionally silversmiths mostly made '' silverware '' -LRB- cutlery , table flatware , bowls , candlesticks and such -RRB- . 
1635
Welsh national teams that train at the Welsh Institute of Sport include the Welsh National Rugby team -LRB- on the Institute 's full-size , floodlit rugby pitch -RRB- , Welsh National Badminton team , the Womans Welsh National Netball Team and the Welsh National Gymnastic Team . 
The canonical composition of the Jewish Bible is in dispute between Christian groups : Protestants hold only the books of the Hebrew Bible to be canonical ; Roman Catholics and Eastern Orthodox additionally consider the deuterocanonical books , a group of Jewish books , to be canonical . 
1636
Curiously , however , in the midst of the legal wrangling Lead Belly wrote to John A. Lomax proposing that they team up together once again . 
The granularity issue has been tackled by proposing clustering methods that automatically group together similar senses of the same word . 
1637
Their kit was almost identical to that worn by the Everton team of the time . 
In recent years , much attention has been drawn by the fuzzball model in string theory . 
1638
This is in contrast to public switched telephone networks that require the setup of a circuit for each phone call -LRB- '' connection-oriented '' protocol -RRB- . 
The president may dissolve the assembly and call new elections at any time , but no later than 5 years from its first sitting Judicial branch . 
1639
The end result was government-created monopolies in radio for GE and Westinghouse and in telephone for AT&amp;T . 
This contrasted with the hybrid offspring of poodles crossed with coyotes and jackals , which all showed a decrease in fertility and significant communication problems , as well as an increase in genetic diseases after three generations of interbreeding . 
1640
In the case of '' Smokey and the Bandit '' , extensive dubbing was done for the first network airing on ABC Television in 1978 , especially for Jackie Gleason 's character , Buford T. Justice . 
A network of affiliates carried the CPR radio network 's broadcasts in the first half of the 1930s , but the takeover of CNR 's Radio service by the new Canadian Radio Broadcasting Commission removed CPR 's need to have a network for competitive reasons , and CPR 's radio service was discontinued in 1935 . 
1641
Television coverage is mainly on Fox Sports Houston -LRB- formerly a subfeed of Fox Sports Southwest , now its own network ; logo on top-right of the screen reads '' FS ' '' ASTROS '' -RRB- , although some games are on My Network TV affiliate KTXH -LRB- My 20 . 
Typically in British heraldry , the outer surface of the mantling is of the principal color in the shield and the inner surface is of the principal metal , though peers in the United Kingdom use standard colourings regardless of rank or the colourings of their arms . 
1642
Also in January 2010 , Public Policy Polling reported that Fox News was the most trusted television news network in the country with 49 % of respondents stating they trust Fox News . 
The film depicts the encounter between a secretary , Marion Crane -LRB- Janet Leigh -RRB- , who is in hiding at a motel after embezzling from her employer , and the motel 's owner , Norman Bates -LRB- Anthony Perkins -RRB- , and the aftermath of their encounter . '' 
1643
Another phenomenon anticipated by Gibson is the rise of reality television , for example in '' Virtual Light '' , which featured a satirical extrapolated version of '' COPS '' . 
The group was started in 1967 by dedicated fan Ron Grousl and '' mad bugler '' Mike Murphy , who is currently a sports radio host mid days on Chicago-based WSCR AM 670 '' The Score '' . 
1644
After overhearing Hayley telling Maria that he had killed her husband , Tony confronted Roy by the canal . 
The Attorney General and Director of Central Intelligence were directed to develop procedures for the Attorney General to follow in order to inform the Director , in a timely manner , of any intention of investigating criminal activity of a foreign intelligence source or potential foreign intelligence source based on the intelligence tip-off of a member of the intelligence community . 
1645
What I saw through Rabbit 's eyes was more worth telling than what I saw through my own , though the difference was often slight . '' 
-LRB- 2006 -RRB- , incorporating live Foley artists , narration and orchestra at select showings . '' 
1646
Clown then ends by telling Jim '' You 're a Spawn now ! 
Jackson captured Pensacola , Florida , with little more than some warning shots , and deposed the Spanish governor . 
1647
She had previously played for World Team Tennis in 2005 to assist her first comeback . 
An implication of one boiling point is that lighter components never cleanly '' boil first '' . 
1648
The term Kazakhstani -LRB- ; -RRB- was coined to describe all citizens of Kazakhstan , including non-Kazakhs . 
Intension is analogous to the signified , extension to the referent . 
1649
President Chissano won the presidency with a margin of 4 % points over the RENAMO-Electoral Union coalition candidate , Afonso Dhlakama , and began his 5-year term in January 2000 . 
Menzies is regarded highly in Prime Ministerial opinion polls and is very highly regarded in Australian society for his tenure as Prime Minister . 
1650
This article uses the term '' content control '' , a term also used on occasion by CNN , '' Playboy '' magazine and the '' New York Times '' . 
Obviously , when using the term '' voltage '' in the shorthand sense , one must be clear about the two points between which the voltage is specified or measured . 
1651
Both state and private stations can have a national status -LRB- broadcasters that reach over 70 % of the national territory -RRB- , or a regional , district or local status . 
Such actions were strengthened by the call issued by African National Congress 's 1985 Kabwe congress in Zambia to make South Africa ungovernable . 
1652
Under the Northwest Ordinance of 1787 , which created the Northwest Territory , General St. Clair was appointed governor of what is now Ohio , Indiana , Illinois , Michigan , along with parts of Wisconsin and Minnesota . 
The main line of the nation 's 4,800 kilometer -LRB- 2,800 mile -RRB- railway network runs from Alexandria to Aswan and is operated by Egyptian National Railways . 
1653
During the Reign of Terror , the Jacobin government and other factions of the French Revolution used the apparatus of the state to execute and intimidate political opponents , and the Oxford English Dictionary includes as one definition of terrorism '' Government by intimidation carried out by the party in power in France between . 
Fear is an emotional response to a perceived threat . 
1654
Vitagraph 's thriller , '' The Mystery of Temple Court '' -LRB- 1910 -RRB- has low-key lighting for a scene of murder , and their '' Conscience '' -LRB- 1912 -RRB- shows low-key lighting done solely with artificial light for a scene of terror . 
It is an exploration of identity on how the outside world may alter and disrupt the inner ideals and morals of even the most incorruptible person . 
1655
the Ann Arbor Civic Theatre , the Arbor Opera Theater , the Ann Arbor Symphony Orchestra , the Ann Arbor Ballet Theater , the Ann Arbor Civic Ballet -LRB- established in 1954 as Michigan 's first chartered ballet company -RRB- , and Performance Network Theatre , which operates a downtown theater and frequently offers new or nontraditional plays . 
If instead the roll is 4 , 5 , 6 , 8 , 9 , 10 then the come bet will be moved by the base dealer onto a box representing the number the shooter threw . 
1656
He appeared in one episode of '' Robert Montgomery Presents '' in 1957 , and also appeared in '' Studio One '' , '' Kraft Television Theater '' , '' New York Confidential , '' '' Have Gun Will Travel '' and '' Decoy '' . 
Dance may also be regarded as a form of nonverbal communication between humans , and is also performed by other animals -LRB- bee dance , patterns of behaviour such as a mating dance -RRB- . 
1657
Additional theater credits include '' Mister Roberts '' , '' The Teahouse of the August Moon '' , '' Camino Real '' , '' Major Barbara '' , '' Luv '' , and '' Staircase '' , co-starring Milo O'Shea , which depicted an aging homosexual couple in a serious way . 
For Nazism , all history is the history of racial struggle ; and , for Marxism , all history is the history of class struggle . 
1658
-LSB- He said -RSB- : ' The only thing I 'm sure of is that they 're wearing bowlers . ' '' '' 
The evolution of resistance of the malaria parasite to the drugs traditionally used to treat the disease -LRB- e.g. chloroquine -RRB- and evolution of resistance of mosquitoes to insecticides have greatly exacerbated the situation . 
1659
Currently , the field of psychology embraces the study of things outside one 's awareness . 
In longer forms of fiction , stories tend to contain certain core elements of dramatic structure : exposition -LRB- the introduction of setting , situation and main characters -RRB- ; complication -LRB- the event that introduces the conflict -RRB- ; rising action , crisis -LRB- the decisive moment for the protagonist and his commitment to a course of action -RRB- ; climax -LRB- the point of highest interest in terms of the conflict and . 
1660
Things looked bleak when the 49ers trailed 27-23 in the waning seconds . 
Within Mangala existed four divisions , which were symbolic of , among many things , the four days of the week -LRB- time -RRB- , the four elements -LRB- matter -RRB- , and the four directions -LRB- space -RRB- . 
1661
Steiner built upon Goethe 's conception of an imaginative power capable of synthesizing the sense-perceptible form of a thing -LRB- an image of its outer appearance -RRB- and the concept we have of that thing -LRB- an image of its inner structure or nature -RRB- . 
It can also be said to be the true mind of a person or the purest being of a thing . 
1662
He must be thrown out and really , by that time in my mind , I thought we ought to throw him out so decisively that he could never think of doing it again . '' 
And at one point , I realized it really does n't have this kind of crazy humor that people from New York would expect to see . '' 
1663
Any thunderstorm which produces hail that reaches the ground is known as a hailstorm . 
Climatic factors include the amount and intensity of precipitation , the average temperature , as well as the typical temperature range , and seasonality , the wind speed , storm frequency . 
1664
In February 2004 , it appeared that KMT had opened a campaign office for the Lien-Soong ticket in Shanghai targeting Taiwanese businessmen . 
In 1907 , after the first season of the forward pass , one football writer noted that , '' with the single exception of Cochems , football teachers were groping in the dark . '' 
1665
They ran on the new Union Party ticket uniting Republicans and War Democrats . 
If a tag was made , the other team had to automatically switch their legal wrestler too . 
1666
Buses run through the whole city connecting different areas ; the average price for a ticket is 30 denars or about 0.5 euro . 
The very first Libertarian Presidential candidate , John Hospers , received one electoral vote in 1972 when Roger MacBride , a GOP '' faithless elector '' pledged to Nixon , cast his ballot for the Libertarian ticket . 
1667
The difference between the British and American connotations of '' spastic '' was starkly shown in 2006 when golf great Tiger Woods used '' spaz '' to describe his putting in that year 's Masters . 
Moore has also been active in charity work and various political causes , particularly on behalf of Animal rights and Diabetes mellitus type 1 . 
1668
A female tiger Tatiana escaped from her enclosure in the San Francisco Zoo , killing one person and seriously injuring two more before being shot and killed by the police . 
The domestic cat is a prime example of an obligate carnivore , as are all of the other felids . 
1669
A tiger is also featured on the cover of the popular cereal Frosted Flakes -LRB- also marketed as '' Frosties '' -RRB- bearing the name '' Tony the Tiger '' . 
The orchid , upswept hair , black cat , and bouquet of flowers were all recognized symbols of sexuality at the time . 
1670
The use of tiger parts in pharmaceutical drugs in China is already banned , and the government has made some offenses in connection with tiger poaching punishable by death . 
Foliage and fauna were far more prolific in all environs and the Nile region supported large populations of waterfowl . 
1671
A bear and a tiger wished to become humans . 
However , recent research published in Environmental Science &amp; Technology , a publication of the American Chemical Society , suggests that many cases of feline hyperthyroidism are associated with exposure to environmental contaminants called polybrominated diphenyl ethers -LRB- PBDEs -RRB- , which are present in flame retardants in many household products , particularly furniture and some electronic products . 
1672
Although humans are not regular prey for tigers , they have killed more people than any other cat , particularly in areas where population growth , logging , and farming have put pressure on tiger habitats . 
Today , a chemical compound is called a vitamin when it can not be synthesized in sufficient quantities by an organism , and must be obtained from the diet . 
1673
Deep-seated cultural beliefs in the potency of tiger parts are so prevalent across Asia that laws protecting even critically endangered species such as the Sumatran Tiger fail to stop the display and sale of these items in open markets , according to a Popular '' medicinal '' tiger parts from poached animals include tiger penis , believed to improve virility , and tiger eyes . 
Forty percent of households consisted of single person , 32 percent two and 28 percent three or more . 
1674
Many famous sports figures like Tiger Woods have used hypnosis to gain an edge on their competition . 
Moreover , he appeared to be extraordinarily successful for a tiger , with as many as 20 % of hunts ending in a kill . 
1675
The difference between the British and American connotations of '' spastic '' was starkly shown in 2006 when golf great Tiger Woods used '' spaz '' to describe his putting in that year 's Masters . 
The Columbus Zoo and Aquarium is world renowned for its collections that include lowland gorillas , manatees , Siberian tigers , cheetahs , and kangaroos . 
1676
Most forms are docked with a fork or a similar tool to keep the finished product from puffing in the same manner as a tortilla or pita bread , and the resulting flat piece of dough is cooked at high heat until it develops dark spots , then set aside to cool -LRB- and , if sufficiently thin , to . 
Like the other throwing events , the competitor may not leave the throwing area -LRB- the runway -RRB- until after the implement lands . 
1677
The term compiler-compiler is sometimes used to refer to a parser generator , a tool often used to help create the lexer and parser . 
This innovation in technology provided the means to project a magnified view of the operative field onto a monitor , and at the same time freed both the operating surgeon 's hands , thereby facilitating performance of complex laparoscopic procedures . 
1678
The genre reached its commercial , artistic and influential peak in the mid-1980s , with Springsteen 's '' Born in the USA '' -LRB- 1984 -RRB- , topping the charts worldwide and spawning a series of top ten singles , together with the arrival of artists including John Mellencamp , Steve Earle and more gentle singer/songwriters as Bruce Hornsby . 
The U.S government urged Moldova to pass an anti-trafficking law in 2005 , but due to a lack of enforcement , low regard of legal institutions , and unequal benchmark requirements , clear progress is difficult to ascertain . 
1679
The leaves and flowering tops are used , they are collected as soon as the flowers begin to open and then are carefully dried . 
players such as Tony Gwynn , Ken Caminiti , Wally Joyner , Steve Finley , pitcher Andy Ashby and premier closer Trevor Hoffman -LRB- 4-2 , 1.48 ERA and 53 saves -RRB- , the Padres had their best year in history , finishing 98-64 and winning the NL West division crown . 
1680
He has produced many remixes since 1985 , the most celebrated being Coldcut 's '' Autumn Leaves '' which regularly tops polls of chillout classics . 
One such relationship is the easement , where the owner of one property may enjoy the right to pass over a neighboring property . 
1681
-LRB- Macs without TOPS installed could use the same network but only to communicate with other Apple machines . -RRB- 
Jeeps also feature a removable soft top -LRB- hard tops are also available -RRB- and removable doors -LRB- half or full-sized -RRB- for fair weather , the only remaining utility vehicle so equipped . 
1682
Militarily , the Civil War barely touched St. Louis . 
When throwing the dice , the player is expected to hit the farthest wall at the opposite end of the table . 
1683
Contact healing involves the healer being in the closest proximity but not necessarily actually touching . 
sees is conscious that he sees , one who hears that he hears , one who walks that he walks and similarly for all the other human activities there is a faculty that is conscious of their exercise , so that whenever we perceive , we are conscious that we perceive , and whenever we think , we are conscious that we think , and to be conscious that we are perceiving or thinking is to be conscious that we exist ... -LRB- '' Nicomachean Ethics '' , 1170a25 ff . -RRB- 
1684
Most games have a variety of winning combination of symbols , often posted on the face of the machine -LRB- or available on a different screen , accessible by touching a button on the main touchscreen , on video slot machines -RRB- . 
If an opponent tries to anticipate the stroke , he may move in the wrong direction and may be unable to change his body momentum in time to reach the shuttlecock . 
1685
Milton 's first foray into polemics was '' Of Reformation touching Church Discipline in England '' -LRB- 1641 -RRB- , followed by '' Of Prelatical Episcopacy '' , the two defences of Smectymnuus -LRB- a group of presbyterian divines named from their initials : the '' TY '' belonged to Milton 's old tutor Thomas Young -RRB- , and '' . 
If an opponent tries to anticipate the stroke , he may move in the wrong direction and may be unable to change his body momentum in time to reach the shuttlecock . 
1686
From 1950 until 1962 inclusive , the Candidates Tournament was a multi-round round-robin - how and why it was changed are described below . 
For example , Xbox 360 versions such as the Dance Dance Revolution Universe series include support for online multiplayer and downloadable songs over Xbox Live , and high definition graphics . 
1687
However , usually the only people eligible to receive the agoge were Spartiates , or people who could trace their ancestry to the original inhabitants of the city . 
Then mark each location with an arrow -LRB- called a vector -RRB- pointing in the direction of the local magnetic field with a length proportional to the strength of the magnetic field . 
1688
The field of computer music can trace its roots back to the origin of electronic music , and the very first experiments and innovations with electronic instruments at the turn of the 20th century . 
As of 2005 , the released version depends on the unmaintained package called Mule-UCS to support Unicode , while the development branch of XEmacs has had robust native support for external Unicode encodings since May 2002 , but the internal Mule character sets lack completeness , and development seems stalled as of September 2005 . 
1689
Interactive prediction markets also offer trading on these outcomes , with '' shares '' of results trading on an open market . 
The basic unit in Greek and Latin prosody is a mora , which is defined as a single short syllable . 
1690
India is one of the largest trading partners of the CCASG with non-oil trade between India and Dubai alone amounting to US$ 19 billion in 2007 . 
India is one of the largest trading partners of the CCASG with non-oil trade between India and Dubai alone amounting to US$ 19 billion in 2007 . 
1691
As of March 2008 , Adobe 's market capitalization was roughly $ 18 billion USD ; its shares were trading on the NASDAQ for around $ 33 USD , with a P/E ratio of about 27 and EPS of about $ 1.21 . 
Investors are constrained by the U.S.-Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity Act which provides sanctions for those who '' traffic '' in property expropriated from U.S. citizens . 
1692
A series of 29 locks and dams on the upper Mississippi , most of which were built in the 1930s , is designed primarily to maintain a deep channel for commercial barge traffic . 
According to the U.S. Department of Commerce , opportunities exist for both on - and offshore oil and natural gas exploration ; however , these prospects have yet to come to fruition . 
1693
In the 1980s , Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega , a once US-supportive leader who was later accused of spying for Fidel Castro and using Panama to traffic drugs into the US , was one of the most recognizable names in the United States , being constantly covered by the press . 
If there is a negative externality associated with a good , meaning that it has negative effects not felt by the consumer , then the free market will trade too much of that good . 
1694
Syracuse was headquarters for Carrier Corporation , Crouse-Hinds traffic signal manufacturing , and General Electric had its main television manufacturing plant at Electronics Parkway in Syracuse . 
, which will not hold as well for granting it again and again , as often as the old ones expire ... it will in effect be establishing a perpetual monopoly , a thing deservedly odious in the eye of the law ; it will be a great cramp to trade , a discouragement to learning , no benefit to authors , but a general tax on the public ; and all this only to increase the private gain of booksellers . '' 
1695
The explanation for overtaking on the left , although road traffic in Britain overtakes on the right , is that , unlike modern '' comb '' escalators , where the end of the moving stairway is at right angles to the direction of travel , older '' shunt '' escalators ended with a diagonal so that the stairway finished sooner . 
Training for military -LRB- or civilian -RRB- air traffic controllers -LRB- ATC -RRB- represents an excellent application for speech recognition systems . 
1696
The occasion was the first time during the fifteen years that a Eurostar train had to be evacuated inside the tunnel itself ; the failing of four at once being described as '' unprecedented '' . 
noted for the Rally of Portugal , and both the Estoril and Algarve Circuits , whilst Tiago Monteiro is a successful Portuguese racing driver , having competed in the Champ Car World Series in the USA , Formula One between 2005 and 2006 , and most recently the World Touring Car Championship . 
1697
This occupational safety principle originates from the Lagerlunda train crash of 1875 in Sweden . 
In ' , Poirot appears as a young boy on the train transporting Holmes and Watson . 
1698
Christians in Bethlehem by the Palestinian Centre for Research and Cultural Dialogue , 90 % reported having Muslim friends , 73.3 % agreed that the Palestinian Authority treats Christian heritage in the city with respect , and 78 % attributed the ongoing exodus of Christians from Bethlehem to the Israeli travel restrictions on the area . 
The editing in the same scene shows LUH -LRB- as opposed to SEN in the theatrical release -RRB- paying more attention to a report of '' illegal sexual activity '' . 
1699
The Republic of Turkey issues Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus citizens with Turkish passports upon request to ease the travel restrictions which the TRNC passport imposes . 
However - and while special relativity is parsimoniously incorporated into quantum electrodynamics - the expanded general relativity , currently the best theory describing the gravitation force , has not been fully incorporated into quantum theory . 
1700
Because the largest of the Soo Locks is larger than any Seaway lock , salties that can pass through the Seaway may travel anywhere in the Great Lakes . 
Fans of both bands would often tour for weeks at a time , travel from show to show , and support themselves by selling food , homespun goods , and other goods to the pre-show parking lot community . 
1701
Otherwise , travel is by ox-cart over level terrain or by foot . 
If a cylinder is infinitely long and spins fast enough about its long axis , then a spaceship flying around the cylinder on a spiral path could travel back in time -LRB- or forward , depending on the direction of its spiral -RRB- . 
1702
The folding harpsichord was an instrument that could be folded up for travel . 
Within a week after sending '' A Walk on the Water '' to an agent , Stoppard received his version of the '' Hollywood-style telegrams that change struggling young artists ' lives . '' 
1703
Recent improvements in targeting and imaging have led to the development of extracranial stereotactic radiation in the treatment of early-stage lung cancer . 
During the March 2009 AIG bonus payments controversy , Giuliani called for U.S. Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner to step down and said that the Obama administration lacked executive competence in dealing with the ongoing financial crisis . 
1704
Although objective psychological testing shows memory disturbance after ECT has mostly resolved by one month post treatment , ECT remains a controversial treatment , and debate on the extent of cognitive effects and safety continues . 
It has been stated by some researchers that the recruitment and recovery of neurons in the left hemisphere apposed to the recruitment of similar neurons in the right hemisphere is superior for long term recovery and continued rehabilitation . 
1705
Richard Chenevix Trench played the key role in the project 's first months , but his ecclesiastical career meant that he could not give the dictionary project the time required , easily ten years ; he withdrew , and Herbert Coleridge became the first editor . 
Some psychotherapies are based on a humanistic approach . 
1706
In July 2009 , the Neopets site was the target of an identity theft hacking scheme that attempted to trick users into clicking a link that would allow them to gain items or neopoints . 
To avoid the tackle , the ball carrier will either pass the ball to a teammate using any of the push , flick , or hit strokes , or attempt to maneuver or '' drag '' the ball around the tackle , trying to deceive the tackler . 
1707
American author Mark Twain based the time traveler 's trick in '' A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court '' on Columbus ' successful prediction of a lunar eclipse during his fourth voyage to the New World . 
Generally it is impossible to close two or three transactions at the same instant ; therefore , there is the possibility that when one part of the deal is closed , a quick shift in prices makes it impossible to close the other at a profitable price . 
1708
This gave David critical time to prepare his own troops for the coming battle . 
Mekhi Phifer is given the same treatment in '' Clockers '' , as well as Laurence Fishburne in '' School Daze '' , and Zelda Harris in '' Crooklyn '' . 
1709
At the last stand of the Battle of Thermopylae , the Greek dead included not just the legendary three hundred Spartan soldiers but also several hundred Thespian and Theban troops and a number of helots . 
Maritime support aircraft can drop active and passive sonar devices -LRB- Sonobuoys -RRB- and these are also used to determine the location of hostile submarines . 
1710
The Romans invaded Britain in AD 43 , forcing their way inland , and building two military bases to protect against rebellion and incursions from the north , from which Roman troops built and manned Hadrian 's Wall . 
The winter of 1794/1795 was particularly harsh when the French invasion army under Pichegru could march on the frozen rivers of the Netherlands , while the Dutch fleet was fixed in the ice in Den Helder harbour . 
1711
Russian and British troops were quickly alerted , but the two powers reached a compromise ; Russia was in possession of the oasis , and Britain believed it could keep the Russians from advancing any farther . 
It retooled its Angus Shops in Montreal to produce Valentine tanks , and transported troops and resources across the country . 
1712
This theory , based on the everyday experience of how objects move , such as the constant application of a force needed to keep a cart moving , had conceptual trouble accounting for the behavior of projectiles , such as the flight of arrows . 
The perturbation terms are much easier to describe in this form . 
1713
Nobita usually goes too far , despite Doraemon 's best intentions and warnings , and gets into deeper trouble than before . 
Disease had hit the French troops to such a point they were forced to surrender . 
1714
At the two concerts he performed in September at the Mississippi-Alabama Fair and Dairy Show , 50 National Guardsmen were added to the police security to prevent crowd trouble . '' 
Patients also generally have no trouble purposefully reciting anything they have memorized . 
1715
Initially , they reinterpreted standard American tunes , playing for dancers doing the twist , for example . 
The visual content of a film is an excellent resource for the development of computer strategy or action games . 
1716
In the novelette '' Rumfuddle '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , Jack Vance presents a novel twist on the ecological utopia . 
John Thomas believed that scripture , as God 's word , did not sustain a multiplicity of differing beliefs , and challenged the leaders to continue with the process of restoring first century Christian beliefs and correct interpretation through a process of debate . 
1717
its '' resilience '' -LRB- elasticity under tension -RRB- , its washability and colorfastness , its '' hand '' -LRB- its feel , particularly softness vs. scratchiness -RRB- , its durability against abrasion , its resistance to pilling , its '' hairiness '' -LRB- fuzziness -RRB- , its tendency to twist or untwist , its overall weight and drape , its blocking and felting qualities , its comfort -LRB- breathability , moisture absorption , wicking properties -RRB- and of course its look , which includes its color , sheen , smoothness and ornamental features . 
Some were less solid , and could move through walls . 
1718
Do n't twist your hip . 
Archers had long realized that a twist added to the tail feathers of their arrows gave them greater accuracy . 
1719
5-Alpha-reductase deficiency -LRB- 5-ARD -RRB- is an autosomal recessive intersex condition caused by a mutation of the 5-alpha reductase type 2 gene . 
if two men and a woman were to eat a meal together , a Conservative Jew would believe that the presence of three adult Jews would obligate the group to say a communal form of the Grace After Meals , while an Orthodox Jew would believe that , lacking three adult Jewish '' males '' , the group would be '' forbidden '' to do such . 
1720
To type a command Engelbart presses on of the three buttons of the mouse . 
This has created the political necessity to spatially identify ecosystems and somehow distinguish among them . 
1721
The local specialty of Aachen is an originally stonehard type of sweet bread , baked in large flat loaves , called '' Aachener Printen '' . 
Furthermore , they were conferred the '' Ali della Vittoria '' trophy on the final matchday of the season , their first league title of any kind in 14 years . 
1722
Competitors also wear custom swimsuits and headpieces , usually elaborately decorated , to reflect the type of music to which they are swimming . 
In 2001 , a stand-alone version of '' Call of Cthulhu '' was released by Wizards of the Coast , for the d20 system . 
1723
As an alternative , users should have the option to show or hide passwords as they type them . 
If we write where c.c. denotes the complex conjugate -LRB- '' E '' 1 and '' E '' 2 being the incident beams of interest -RRB- , the second-order term in the above expansion will read The six combinations formula_11 correspond , respectively , to the second harmonic of formula_12 , the . 
1724
All DVD releases of '' Lolita '' to date have been at a uniform 1.66:1 aspect ratio , and the expectation is that future releases will retain this aspect ratio . 
Mike Toole of Anime Jump gave it 4.5 -LRB- out of a possible 5 -RRB- stars , while the review at the Anime Academy gave it a grade of 83 , listing the series high points being '' unique '' , the '' interesting characters '' and the '' nice action . '' 
1725
Claimant countries currently can not upgrade the status of these virtually occupied features to absolutely occupied because other countries may view this as an expansion motive which clearly violates the Code of Conduct signed in 2002 . 
The term '' transactional '' may better describe his views , a term emphasized by Dewey in his later years to describe his theories of knowledge and experience . 
1726
Both railroads soon instituted extensive upgrade projects to build better bridges , viaducts , dugways , heavier duty rails , stronger ties , better road beds etc. . 
The government is struggling to upgrade education and technical training , to privatize commercial and industrial enterprises , to improve health services , to diversify exports , to promote tourism , and to reduce the high population growth rate . 
1727
I know that my committee was very , very upset by the attitude the prime minister took over cannabis . 
To afflict the comfortable and to comfort the afflicted . '' 
1728
This upset the British in particular , as they were long concerned with preserving the Ottoman Empire and preventing a Russian takeover of the Bosporous Straits . 
Linking this to a centrifugal outlet allows pumping with the minimum of agitation and shear , essential factors when product bruising , liquid emulsification or clogging is to be avoided . 
1729
Hindu ascetics like Jadrup were treated with respect , and it was only those who upset the order of the state that were seen as a threat to the state , with their popularity making them even more dangerous . 
Two years after there was an onset of gait disturbance and slurred speech . 
1730
She died shortly after his thirteenth birthday , and he was profoundly upset by the loss . 
A team , once having established ball control in the front half of the court , may not return the ball to the backcourt and be the first to touch it . 
1731
In Gerald Posner 's book '' Case Closed '' , Ruby 's friends , relatives and associates stress how upset he was upon hearing of Kennedy 's murder , even crying on occasion , and how he went so far as to close his loss-making clubs for three days as a mark of respect . 
Mary I : A troubled queen 's reign . 
1732
Although Rickey was able to get the player into his room for that night , he was taken back when he reached his room to find his fellow ballplayer upset and crying about this injustice . 
Jana Bennett , the BBC 's then director of production , later apologised for the episodes , stating on BBC1 's news bulletin : '' It is clear that a significant number of viewers have been upset by the recent episodes of '' EastEnders '' , and we are very sorry , because the production team and programme makers did not mean to cause any offence . '' 
1733
Game companies have provided software for and have encouraged machinima , but the widespread use of digital assets from copyrighted games has resulted in complex , unresolved legal issues . 
Many hardware and software vendors provided their tutorials as HyperCard stacks , since the application was bundled with all Macs . 
1734
Many sports still use leather to help in playing the game or protecting players ; its flexibility allows it to be formed and flexed . 
Individuals and groups would use and control whatever resources they needed , as the aim of anarchist communism was to place '' the product reaped or manufactured at the disposal of all , leaving to each the liberty to consume them as he pleases in his own home . '' 
1735
These losses amounted to about 50 % of the total used units . 
Silhouette effects in location scenes began to appear in 1909 in both the United States and Italy ; though as things developed , European film-makers made more use of this than the Americans did . 
1736
MDMA became one of the four most widely used illicit drugs in the U.S. , along with cocaine , heroin , and marijuana . 
Some electrical telegraphs used indicators which were read visually rather than by ear . 
1737
Current use . 
In mathematics and , in particular , functional analysis , convolution is a mathematical operation on two functions '' f '' and '' g '' , producing a third function that is typically viewed as a modified version of one of the original functions . 
1738
In the 1990s , this prompted the Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- to use this strain as evidence that tobacco companies were intentionally manipulating the nicotine content of cigarettes . 
In the sketch , a man who had been stabbed by a nurse arrives at his doctor 's office bleeding profusely from the stomach , when the doctor makes him fill out numerous senseless forms before he can administer treatment -LRB- a joke Adams later incorporated into the Vogon race 's obsession with paperwork in '' The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy '' -RRB- . 
1739
Rather than dismiss the elderly employee , Jardine had allowed the man to retire in honor and in his usual generous character , set up a considerable retirement fund for the man and his family . 
This obviously refutes the traditional materialism that held that the only things that exist are things composed of the kind of matter with which we are broadly familiar -LRB- '' traditional matter '' -RRB- - which was anyway under great strain as noted above from Relativity and quantum field theory . 
1740
Living knights were sometimes challenged to single combat by phantom knights , which vanished when defeated . 
Tigers vanished from Java and Bali during the 20th century , and in Borneo are known only from fossil remains . 
1741
Limited information about the shapes and compositions of asteroids can be inferred from their light curves -LRB- their variation in brightness as they rotate -RRB- and their spectral properties , and asteroid sizes can be estimated by timing the lengths of star occulations -LRB- when an asteroid passes directly in front of a star -RRB- . 
In manic and hypomanic cases , the afflicted person may engage in out of character behavior such as questionable business transactions , wasteful expenditures of money , risky sexual activity , recreational drug abuse , abnormal social interaction , or highly vocal arguments uncharacteristic of previous behaviors . 
1742
A recent meta-analysis review found wide variation in the findings of prior studies ; for patients who had failed to respond to an SSRI antidepressant , between 12 % and 86 % showed a response to a new drug , with between 5 % and 39 % ending treatment due to adverse effects . 
Based on several passages , including : '' My scribe Ankh-af-na-khonsu , the priest of the princes , shall not in one letter change this book ; but lest there be folly , he shall comment thereupon by the wisdom of Ra-Hoor-Khuit '' -LRB- AL I :36 -RRB- , Crowley felt compelled to interpret AL in writing . 
1743
The last colour variation is '' Muted '' which tends toward earth tones . 
As a result , the genetic variation at those sites will be higher than at sites where variation does influence fitness . 
1744
Vector graphics printing was left to special-purpose devices , called plotters . 
In 1914 , an assembly line worker could buy a Model T with four months ' pay . 
1745
The term '' vector graphics '' is mainly used today in the context of two-dimensional computer graphics . 
The result is no crater , and damage distributed over a fairly wide radius , all of the damage being blast and thermal . 
1746
Historian Oliver Dickerson argued that Hancock was the victim of an essentially criminal racketeering scheme perpetrated by Governor Bernard and the customs officials . 
He was the first to discern that public opinion , though generally slow to form and slow to act , is in the end the paramount power in the state ; and he was the first to use it not in an emergency merely , but throughout a whole political career . 
1747
On 17 February 2008 Dimitris Christofias of the AKEL was elected President of Cyprus , on AKEL 's first electoral victory without being part of a wider coalition . 
In the ending of the film , it is revealed to the audience that Rosebud was the name of the sled from Kane 's childhood , from the time before he was taken from his parents and gained his wealth - an allusion to the only time in his life when he . 
1748
Once the public realized it was possible to play video games other than '' Pong '' , and programmers learned how to push its hardware 's capabilities , the VCS gained popularity . 
Traffic '' became his most acclaimed movie since '' Sex , Lies , and Videotape '' , and earned him an Academy Award for Best Director . 
1749
There are many products that can qualify as a file viewer : Microsoft Word viewer or Microsoft PowerPoint viewer are additional examples . 
Second , the time needed to realize his elaborate serial structures were brought within practical reach . 
1750
Even though the journalist did not violate a fiduciary duty to Company A 's shareholders , he might have violated a fiduciary duty to Company B 's shareholders -LRB- assuming the newspaper had a policy of not allowing reporters to trade on stories they were covering -RRB- . 
Drop kicks are used as a method of restarting play and scoring points in rugby union and rugby league . 
1751
Initially as a result of this , and later as a result of the development of a Dutch school of recorder playing led by Kees Otten , the recorder was introduced to serious musicians as a virtuoso solo instrument both in Britain and in northern Europe , and consequently modern composers of great stature have written for the recorder , including Paul Hindemith , Luciano Berio , Josef Tal , John Tavener , Michael Tippett , Benjamin Britten , Leonard Bernstein , Gordon Jacob , Steven . 
The Cornish electronic musician Richard D James has often used Cornish names for track titles , most notably on his '' DrukQs '' album . 
1752
The essential joy of heaven is called the beatific vision , which is derived from the vision of God 's essence . 
National teams caught the public imagination but had a snag : that riders might normally have been in rival trade teams the rest of the season . 
1753
The taxes on vodka became a key element of government finances in Tsarist Russia , providing at times up to 40 % of state revenue . 
Piper 's politically more sophisticated variant was adopted and adapted by Michael Kurland and Jack Chalker in the 1980s ; Chalker 's '' G.O.D. Inc '' trilogy -LRB- 1987-89 -RRB- , featuring paratime detectives Sam and Brandy Horowitz , marks the first attempt at merging the paratime thriller with the police procedural . 
1754
In March 2007 , BBC News UK made a documentary to find the cause of severe jaundice among imbibers of a '' bathtub '' vodka in Russia . 
The 18th century saw a huge growth in the number of drinking establishments , primarily due to the introduction of gin . 
1755
This level of distillation is what truly separates a rye-based vodka -LRB- for example -RRB- from a rye whisky ; while the whisky is generally only distilled down to its final alcohol content , vodka is distilled until it is almost totally pure alcohol and then cut with water to give it its final alcohol content and unique flavour , depending on the source of the water . 
A Screwdriver is a popular highball drink made with orange juice and vodka . 
1756
Since the size and type of the pointed-to object is not known , void pointers can not be dereferenced , nor is pointer arithmetic on them allowed , although they can easily be -LRB- and in many contexts implicitly are -RRB- converted to and from any other object pointer type . 
It can also be referred to as denying the consequent , and is a valid form of argument -LRB- unlike similarly-named but invalid arguments such as '' affirming the consequent '' or '' denying the antecedent '' -RRB- . 
1757
of classical elements , held by the Hindu , Buddhist , Japanese and Greek systems of thought , is that there are five elements , namely Earth , Water , Air , Fire , and a fifth element known variously as '' space '' , '' Idea '' , '' Void '' quintessence or Aether -LRB- the term '' quintessence '' derives from '' quint '' meaning '' fifth '' -RRB- . 
In their 2003 paper '' Human Genetic Diversity and the Nonexistence of Biological Races '' Jeffrey Long and Rick Kittles give a long critique of the application of FST to human populations . 
1758
The same '' rational '' way of thought led him to introduce the abstract apeiron -LRB- indefinite , infinite , unlimited -RRB- as an origin of the universe , a concept that is probably influenced by the original Chaos -LRB- gaping void , abyss , formless state -RRB- of the mythical Greek cosmogony from which everything else appeared . 
A few initially reported success , but most failed to validate the results ; Nathan Lewis , professor of Chemistry at the California Institute of Technology , led one of the most ambitious validation efforts , trying many variations on the experiment without success , while CERN physicist Douglas R. O. Morrison said that '' essentially all '' attempts in . 
1759
Others may volunteer significant time in tending to the mundane needs of local monks -LRB- by cooking , cleaning , maintaining temple facilities , etc. -RRB- . 
Initially the community and police were hesitant to act against PAGAD activities , recognising the need for community action against crime in the gang-ridden communities of the Cape Flats . 
1760
Even advocates for the use of polygraph evidence will generally volunteer the fact that polygraph evidence is not inherently admissible as evidence in any American court of criminal law , as such tests rely heavily on the opinions of the examiner administering the test , and polygraph examiners as a rule do not openly share their test data . 
All first installations of SMS gateways were for network notifications sent to mobile phones , usually to inform of voice mail messages . 
1761
Following a 21-gun salute by the Ross Volunteer Firing Squad , six buglers play an A&amp;M version of the song '' Taps '' , Silver Taps , three times from the dome of the school 's Academic Building : once to the north , the south and to the west . 
In 1965 , a retired postal worker named Albert Krumnow stated that around 8 May 1945 the Soviets had ordered him and his colleagues to bury two bodies found near the railway bridge near Lehrter station . 
1762
One of Britain 's greatest navigators , Vancouver died in obscurity in 1798 at the age of 40 , less than three years after completing his voyage . 
Upon the journey , Crowley was afflicted with influenza , malaria and snow blindness , whilst other expedition members were similarly stricken with illness . 
1763
The third stage is the execution of the finalised voyage plan , taking into account any special circumstances which may arise such as changes in the weather , which may require the plan to be reviewed or altered . 
Using this principle , it would have been possible to compare the density of the golden crown to that of solid gold by balancing the crown on a scale with a gold reference sample , then immersing the apparatus in water . 
1764
In the dream state , many experiences are accepted as real by the dreamer that would not be accepted as real in the waking state . 
A University of California , San Diego , psychiatry study of more than one million adults found that people who live the longest self-report sleeping for six to seven hours each night . 
1765
As he neared writing the end of each book , he would rise increasingly earlier each day , meaning that he would sleep for less than 4 hours by going to bed at 10pm and waking at 2am . 
First , the person spends one week waking up 90 minutes before normal wake time until their sleep cycle begins to adjust . 
1766
On April 19 , 1882 , Emerson went walking despite having an apparent cold and was caught in a sudden rain shower . 
Pratchett has written or collaborated on a number of '' Discworld '' books that are not novels in themselves but serve to accompany the series . '' 
1767
Pteranodon '' had slightly larger feet -LRB- 47 % the length of the tibia -RRB- , while filter-feeding pterosaurs like the ctenochasmatoids had very large feet -LRB- 69 % of tibial length in '' Pterodactylus '' , 84 % in '' Pterodaustro '' -RRB- , adapted to walking in soft muddy soil , similar to modern wading birds . 
Although numerous species , such as the Australopithecines and early hominids , have exhibited fully bipedal locomotion , humans are the only extant species with this trait . 
1768
-LRB- taken directly from Japanese to mean obsequious -RRB- or even a highly formal individual , he will retreat face head downcast , never show his side or back to his superior , and retreat backwards in the following posture : left-arm crossed against the chest , right-arm hanging and walking stooped . 
Primates that live in tropical areas often wade through water in a bipedal stance . 
1769
The sermon was about Matthew 10:9 , in which Christ tells his followers they should go forth and proclaim that the Kingdom of Heaven was upon them , that they should take no money with them , nor even a walking stick or shoes for the road . 
The year she died , the couple took a brief holiday in Greece and the Aegean in 1960 ; Lewis was fond of walking but not of travel , and this marked his only crossing of the English Channel after 1918 . 
1770
Such qualities are further suggested by the Semitic associations made with the names Lila and Lilitu , namely those of lalu , or wandering about , and lulu , meaning lasciviousness . 
Her early roles were minor , but her performances in '' The Asphalt Jungle '' and '' All About Eve '' -LRB- both 1950 -RRB- were well received . 
1771
The author 's early life was spent wandering through a variety of Texas cowtowns and boomtowns : Dark Valley -LRB- 1906 -RRB- , Seminole -LRB- 1908 -RRB- , Bronte -LRB- 1909 -RRB- , Poteet -LRB- 1910 -RRB- , Oran -LRB- 1912 -RRB- , Wichita Falls -LRB- 1913 -RRB- , Bagwell -LRB- 1913 -RRB- , Cross Cut -LRB- . 
While fleeing from the scene through the desert , they stray into a field of rattlesnakes and are both bitten . 
1772
He did , however , continue to identify himself as Jewish in the ethnic sense , as stated in his introduction to Jack Dann 's anthology of Jewish science fiction , '' Wandering Stars '' : '' I attend no services and follow no ritual and have never undergone that curious puberty rite , the bar mitzvah . 
Due to the opening of the new hotel casinos and China 's easing of travel restrictions , there has been a rapid rise in the number of mainland visitors . 
1773
The modern French Army retains two Dragoons regiments from the 32 it possessed at the beginning of World War I : the 2nd , which is a nuclear , bacteriologic and chemical protection regiment , and the 13th , which is a special-ops parachute regiment . 
The initial German advance into Belgium produced four major sieges , the Battle of Liege , the Battle of Namur , the Siege of Maubeuge and the Siege of Antwerp . 
1774
King Hussein was convinced Israel would try to occupy the West Bank whether Jordan went to war , or not . 
The history of the Talmud reflects in part the history of Judaism persisting in a world of hostility and persecution . 
1775
The water trap -LRB- which is sometimes part of the fuel filter -RRB- often has a float connected to a warning light , which warns when there is too much water in the trap , and must be drained before damage to the engine can result . 
This criticism has largely put Nader 's supporters on the defensive on this issue , citing both rights based arguments , for example , that no one owns anyone 's votes and so Nader no more spoiled the election for Gore than Gore spoiled it for Nader , as well as practical arguments , such as citing that the number of states that Buchanan '' spoiled '' for Bush would have resulted . 
1776
FAO has carried out projects in over 25 countries and inter-agency missions in nearly 60 , scaled up its monitoring through the Global Information and Early Warning System on Food and Agriculture , provided policy advice to governments while supporting their efforts to increase food production , and advocated for more investment in agriculture . 
In response , the United States Strategic Air Command begins scrambling some of its B-52 bombers . 
1777
British Prime Minister Winston Churchill successfully lobbied President Franklin D. Roosevelt for military aid from the United States , but Roosevelt was not yet ready to ask Congress to commit the country to war . 
This account presents the doctrines of the gospel , outlines the plan of salvation , and offers men peace in this life and eternal salvation in the life to come . 
1778
One could theoretically include violence or even war as part of this spectrum , but dispute resolution practitioners do not usually do so ; violence rarely ends disputes effectively , and indeed , often only escalates them . 
Cromwell fought at the head of his troops in the battle and was slightly wounded in the neck , stepping away briefly to receive treatment during the battle , but later returning to help force the victory . 
1779
While travelling he produced large quantities of coloured wash drawings in a distinctive style , which he worked up back in his studio into oils and watercolours , as well as prints for his books . 
This limited production model also shared an inverted color scheme of the same year Special Edition . 
1780
Typically , they have smooth , dark skin , although some specimens have a red wash . 
Clothing starch or laundry starch is a liquid that is prepared by mixing a vegetable starch in water -LRB- earlier preparations also had to be boiled -RRB- , and is used in the laundering of clothes . 
1781
The narrow stance will give the rider a concentrated stability between the bindings allowing the board to dig into the snow quicker than a wider stance so the rider is less prone to wash out . 
Instead , they serve to express the opinion of Congress , or to regulate procedure . 
1782
The olives are soaked in water to wash , then drained . 
You ca n't shampoo , use soap or deodorant , or makeup , nothing with any scent ; you have to bathe and rinse your clothes in the lake . 
1783
Six large emperor penguins gather around him to form what seems like a funeral procession , pushing his body into the water . 
The Mohawk Valley was the only cut across the Appalachians north of Alabama , and led almost directly from the Hudson River in the east to Lake Ontario and Lake Erie in the west . 
1784
The boundary between the first and the second is characterised by risorgive , springs typical of the pianura padana which supply fresh water both to the rivers and to a dense network of irrigation canals . 
Blood that is shunted from the viscera to the rest of the body will transfer , along with oxygen and nutrients , heat , prompting perspiration to cool the body . 
1785
When the experiments that had produced polywater were repeated with thoroughly cleaned glassware , the anomalous properties of the resulting water vanished , and even the scientists who had originally advanced the case for polywater agreed that it did not exist . 
Therefore the side-walls were excavated too , to reach virgin -LRB- un-weathered -RRB- rock which had not experienced the weathering of centuries of water seepage , wintertime freeze cracking , and the heating/cooling cycles of the Arizona/Nevada desert . 
1786
Historically low water levels in the catchment have led to water use restrictions and the NSW government is investigating alternative water supply options , including grey water recycling and the construction of a seawater reverse osmosis desalination plant at Kurnell . 
Settling in again at the Academy , a series of upgrades were installed that included steam pipes and radiators to supply heat from shore along with gas lighting . 
1787
The Atomic Energy of Canada Limited -LRB- AECL -RRB- design of power reactor requires large quantities of heavy water to act as a neutron moderator and coolant . 
Melting glaciers in the Himalayas could also lead to water shortages for hundreds of millions of people . 
1788
However , amphibians never developed the ability to live their entire lives on land , having to return to water to lay their shell-less eggs . 
Electric bains-marie can also be wet , using either hot water or vapor , or steam , in the heating process . 
1789
Common Lisp allows type declarations and provides ways to influence the compiler code generation policy . 
In 1886 , he built a shipyard to repair ships servicing this transportation hub . 
1790
Heaven for Christians is depicted in various ways . 
The body handles Ga3 + in many ways as though it were iron , and thus it is bound -LRB- and concentrates -RRB- in areas of inflammation , such as infection , and also areas of rapid cell division . 
1791
On the other hand , titration curves corresponding to acid-base titrations in which the constituents are a weak acid and weak base , are quite irregular in nature . 
Tops may be glued on with diluted glue , since some repairs call for the removal of the top . 
1792
Some Germans blamed the occupation for significantly weakening the Spring Offensive . 
However , the depreciation of the Afghani in 2002 after the introduction of the new notes -LRB- which replaced 1,000 old Afghani by one new Afghani -RRB- coupled with the relative stability compared to previous periods has helped prices to stabilize and even decrease between December 2002 and February 2003 , reflecting the turnaround appreciation of the new Afghani currency . 
1793
This created tensions within the Communist leadership , particularly amongst Communist Serb officials who resented the 1974 constitution as weakening Serbia 's influence and jeopardizing the unity of the country by allowing the republics the right to separate . 
It became a '' powerful instrument of personal and theological transformation both within the Order of Preachers and throughout the wider reaches of Christendom . 
1794
Cases from different manufacturers can vary in wall thickness , and as cases are repeatedly fired and reloaded the brass flows up to the neck and is trimmed off , increasing capacity as well as weakening the case . 
Cases from different manufacturers can vary in wall thickness , and as cases are repeatedly fired and reloaded the brass flows up to the neck and is trimmed off , increasing capacity as well as weakening the case . 
1795
Deng Xiaoping had been taught that China was weak and poor , and that the Chinese people must have a modern , Western education to save their country . 
The New York Times '' as : '' the headquarters of Leary and gang for the better part of five years , a period filled with endless parties , epiphanies and breakdowns , emotional dramas of all sizes , and numerous raids and arrests , many of them on flimsy charges concocted by the local assistant district attorney , G. Gordon Liddy . '' 
1796
Having secured military and political security and vast agricultural and mineral wealth , the nation 's population , arts , and religion flourished . 
When an island is first colonized , the density of individuals is low and the population size increases with reduced levels of competition and an abundance of available resources . 
1797
PGP encryption no longer meets the definition of a non-exportable weapon , and can be exported internationally except to 7 specific countries and a list of named groups and individuals -LRB- with whom substantially all US trade is prohibited under various US export controls -RRB- . 
However , if the activity was undertaken while the mass transportation vehicle or ferry was carrying a passenger at the time of the offense , or the offense resulted in the death of any person , then the punishment is a fine and life imprisonment . 
1798
Propaganda is a powerful weapon in war ; it is used to dehumanize and create hatred toward a supposed enemy , either internal or external , by creating a false image in the mind . 
Persuasion . 
1799
Niven has written scripts for various science fiction television shows , including the original '' Land of the Lost '' series and ' , for which he adapted his early story '' The Slaver Weapon . '' 
Secret Intelligence Service member Krystyna Skarbek was a founder member of SOE and helped establish a cell of Polish spies in Central Europe . 
1800
The collectives set up under the Weather Bureau drew their design from Che Guevara 's '' foco '' theory , which focused on the building of small , semi-autonomous cells guided by a central leadership . 
The Ukrainian government predicts GDP growth of 0.4 % in 2009 , and a slowdown in inflation to 9.5 % -LRB- also in 2009 -RRB- , although the overwhelming majority of economists consider this forecast to be excessively optimistic . 
1801
The planetary climate is a measure of the long-term trends in the weather . 
Especially at risk are the cereal-growing lowlands , which are subject to considerable variation in annual precipitation . 
1802
Historically , large numbers of Welsh people spoke only Welsh , but monoglot Welsh speakers are now virtually non-existent , at least above school age . 
In the 4th and 5th centuries emigrating Britons also took Brythonic speech to the continent , most significantly in Brittany . 
1803
On the left , any attack would also be enfiladed by fire from La Haye Sainte and its adjoining sandpit , and any attempt at turning the left flank would entail fighting through the streets and hedgerows of Papelotte , and some very wet ground . 
There is a very pronounced dry season May to October and a wet season November to April , when the vegetation turns green and abundant . 
1804
of wheat flour is stirred vigorously by machinery until the starch dissolves and the gluten consolidates into a mass , which is collected by centrifugation , then carried , by complex machinery , through several stages combined into a continuous process : Approximately 65 % of the water in the wet gluten is removed by means of a screw press , and the residue is sprayed through an atomizing nozzle into a drying chamber , where it remains at an elevated temperature only long enough to evaporate the water without denaturing the gluten . 
Increased wetness of the dough also enhances gluten development . 
1805
As a result of his early work on the '' Sac Prairie Saga '' , Derleth was awarded the prestigious Guggenheim Fellowship ; his sponsors were Helen C. White , Nobel Prize-winning novelist Sinclair Lewis and poet Edgar Lee Masters of '' Spoon River Anthology '' fame . 
Most people can detect about 0.01 ppm of ozone in air where it has a very specific sharp odor somewhat resembling chlorine bleach . 
1806
They are distinct not only because of their white hue ; they also have blue eyes and pink noses . 
Following the discovery of the Indo-European languages in the 19th century , British historians put forth the Aryan invasion theory which argued that it was '' Aryans '' who established the caste system , an elitist form of social organization that -LRB- according to the British -RRB- separated the '' light-skinned '' Indo-Aryan conquerors from the '' conquered dark-skinned '' indigenous Dravidian tribes through enforcement of '' racial endogamy '' . 
1807
A fluffy film on the surface of the honey -LRB- like a white foam -RRB- , or marble-coloured or white-spotted crystallization on a containers sides , is formed by air bubbles trapped during the bottling process . 
The stars of the cast were Paul Scofield as the storyteller , David Suchet as Aslan , Elizabeth Counsell as the White Witch and Richard Suchet as Caspian X. Games . 
1808
White House Counsel . 
In these marriages a dowry was brought by the woman and was used to start their new lives . 
1809
By the 18th century , Chianti was widely recognized as a red wine , but the exact composition and grape varieties used to make Chianti at this point is unknown . 
The galaxy cluster Abell 2029 is composed of thousands of galaxies enveloped in a cloud of hot gas , and an amount of dark matter equivalent to more than 1014 Suns . 
1810
Drosophila '' is a genus of small flies , belonging to the family Drosophilidae , whose members are often called '' fruit flies '' or more appropriately -LRB- though less frequently -RRB- pomace flies , vinegar flies , or wine flies , a reference to the characteristic of many species to linger around overripe or rotting fruit . 
At the time of European contact , the Lenape people -LRB- named the '' Delaware '' by Europeans -RRB- inhabited the western end of the Island , and spoke the Munsee dialect of the Algonquian language family . 
1811
After the Soviet withdrawal in February 1989 , Pakistan , with cooperation from the world community , continued to provide extensive support for displaced Afghans . 
According to B'Tselem , more than fifty percent of the land of the West Bank has been expropriated from Palestinian owners '' mainly to establish settlements and create reserves of land for the future expansion of the settlements '' . 
1812
He famously disobeyed Parker 's order to withdraw , destroying many of the Dano-Norwegian ships before a truce was agreed . 
certain period , would be great in proportion to the supply , and its price would of course rise , if left to find its natural level ; and thus the wages of labour , and consequently the condition of the lower classes of society , might have progressive and retrograde movements , though the price of labour might never nominally fall . '' 
1813
Critics have also made note of serious injury that has resulted from falsely labelled '' healings '' , where patients erroneously consider themselves cured and cease or withdraw from treatment . 
As obligations in international law are traditionally viewed as arising only from the consent of states , many treaties expressly allow a state to withdraw as long as it follows certain procedures of notification . 
1814
There he met a fisher woman named Kaurwaki , with whom he fell in love . 
Female Cardassians have blue-tinted spots on their neck ridges and forehead . 
1815
It was directed by Derek Goldby and designed by Desmond Heeley and starred Paul Hecht as the Player , Brian Murray as Rosencrantz and John Wood as Guildenstern . 
For comparison , the reported second-most-popular place to commit suicide in the world , Aokigahara Forest in Japan , has a record of 78 bodies , found within the forest in 2002 , with an average of 30 a year . 
1816
These rules established the number of players per side to 9 and replaced the ball with a wood puck . 
A trend in recent years has been a growth in the number of international students . 
1817
The university 's main campus is located near the Pacific Ocean on of coastal woodland within the city of San Diego 's '' University Community '' planning area . 
Their innermost refuge is '' Silva Bacenis '' , '' Beech Wood '' , which various authors take to be some section of the Hercynian Forest , such as the Thuringian Forest , the Harz Mountains or the Black Forest . 
1818
The material comes in a range of colors and finishes , including a photo-effect wood finish , and is used as a substitute for painted wood , mostly for window frames and sills when installing double glazing in new buildings , or to replace older single glazed windows . 
Nearby communities include West Yellowstone , Montana ; Cody , Wyoming ; Red Lodge , Montana ; Ashton , Idaho ; and Gardiner , Montana . 
1819
Later , Nation was pleasantly surprised to discover that in Serbo-Croatian the word '' dalek '' means '' far '' , or '' distant '' . 
DNT1 shares structural similarity with all known neurotrophins and is a key factor in the fate of neurons in Drosophila . 
1820
Word 's macro security setting , which regulates when macros may execute , can be adjusted by the user , but in the most recent versions of Word , is set to HIGH by default , generally reducing the risk from macro-based viruses , which have become uncommon . 
In the joint statement between President Bush and President Triet regarding the visit further cooperation on long-term environmental and human health impacts of Vietnam War era dioxin was raised . 
1821
The Online Etymology Dictionary speculates that the word is an alteration of the 1940s term '' nert '' -LRB- meaning '' stupid or crazy person '' -RRB- , which is itself an alteration of '' nut . '' 
Augustine defined the word as meaning simply '' obscurity of origin , '' implying that any book of unknown authorship or questionable authenticity would be considered as apocrypha . 
1822
He found his conception of agapasm embodied in Lamarckian evolution ; the overall idea in any case is that of evolution tending toward an end or goal , and it could also be the evolution of a mind or a society ; it is the kind of evolution which manifests workings of mind in some general sense . 
The disk drive used Group Code Recording -LRB- GCR -RRB- and contained a MOS 6502 microprocessor , doubling as a disk controller and on-board disk operating system processor . 
1823
The same adits were also used to ventilate the workings , especially important when fire-setting was used . 
It is largely because of the fact that Druids venerate the ancestors that many object to the archaeological excavation of human remains and their subsequent display in museums , and in many cases have organised campaigns for their reburial . 
1824
Crick felt that a new scientific world view was rapidly being established , and predicted that once the detailed workings of the brain were eventually revealed , erroneous Christian concepts about the nature of humans and the world would no longer be tenable ; traditional conceptions of the '' soul '' would be replaced by a new understanding of the physical basis of mind . 
Although it is unlikely that biomimetic methods will be developed that are competitive with the Haber process , intense effort has been directed toward understanding the mechanism of biological nitrogen fixation . 
1825
He found his conception of agapasm embodied in Lamarckian evolution ; the overall idea in any case is that of evolution tending toward an end or goal , and it could also be the evolution of a mind or a society ; it is the kind of evolution which manifests workings of mind in some general sense . 
In Classical Antiquity , the inquiry into the workings of the universe took place both in investigations aimed at such practical goals as establishing a reliable calendar or determining how to cure a variety of illnesses and in those abstract investigations known as natural philosophy . 
1826
On July 10 , 1938 , Hughes set another record by completing a flight around the world in just 91 hours -LRB- 3 days , 19 hours -RRB- , beating the previous record by more than four hours . 
the dark times of World War I and flocked to theatres for musical theatre hits like '' Maid of the Mountains '' , '' Irene '' -LRB- whose run of 670 performances was a Broadway record that held until 1938 's '' Hellzapoppin '' -RRB- and especially '' Chu Chin Chow '' -LRB- whose run of 2,238 performances , more than twice as many as any previous musical , set a record that stood for nearly forty years until '' Salad Days '' -RRB- as well as popular revues like '' The Bing Boys Are Here '' . 
1827
There were a few institutional or royal libraries which were open to an educated public -LRB- like the Library of Alexandria , once the largest library in the ancient world -RRB- , but on the whole collections were private . 
Before United in Charity was formed all requests for funds were met with the general funds of the Order or in combination with specific appeals . 
1828
To equate humanity with sinfulness is to make God the Author of His own worst enemy ; to make God responsible for the thing that has brought Him unhappiness . '' 
As a pagan mystic Plotinus considered his opponents heretics and elitist blasphemers , arriving at misotheism as the solution to the problem of evil , being not traditional or genuine Hellenism -LRB- in philosophy or mysticism -RRB- , but rather one invented taking all their truths over from Plato , coupled with the idea expressed by Plotinus that the approach to the infinite force which is the One or Monad can not be . 
1829
In January 2009 , Ford announced a $ 14.6 billion loss in the preceding year , making 2008 its worst year in history . 
If , in turn , the speaker responds positively to the idea of giving to the poor , then some aspect of that idea must have inspired a positive response ; one could argue that that aspect is also the basis of its goodness . 
1830
The city in 2006 was listed as having the ninth worst traffic commutes in the country . 
As a result , NBC in a way now owns several other series aired on the network prior to 1973 , such as '' Wagon Train '' . 
1831
In '' Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee '' Senator Fred Thompson played Grant as an astute leader who listens to both sides of an argument . 
The campaign was begun in the belief that the cross is a reminder of Jesus ' pain and has been a source of division between people of different faiths . 
1832
Mark Fenster argues that '' just because overarching conspiracy theories are wrong does not mean they are not on to something . 
Radio hosts Rush Limbaugh and Lee Rodgers repeated a variation of the claim without noting that HUD has reportedly stated that this statistic is false . 
1833
Shinto teaches that certain deeds create a kind of ritual impurity that one should want cleansed for one 's own peace of mind and good fortune , not because impurity is wrong in and of itself . 
Some examples of reversible error would be erroneously instructing the jury on the law applicable to the case , permitting seriously improper argument by an attorney , admitting or excluding evidence improperly , acting outside the court 's jurisdiction , injecting bias into the proceeding or appearing to do so , juror misconduct , etc. . 
1834
Everything Is Wrong '' had essays on over-consumption -LRB- '' We use toxic chlorine bleach to keep our underpants white '' -RRB- and U.S. religious leaders -LRB- '' Why does n't the Christian right go out and spread mercy , compassion and selflessness ? '' -RRB- 
Some case examples can also be considered Generally speaking damages for personal injury for males and females are the same . 
1835
Year 52 -LRB- LII -RRB- was a leap year starting on Saturday -LRB- link will display the full calendar -RRB- of the Julian calendar . 
For example , one may talk of a '' 40K salary '' -LRB- 40 000 -RRB- , or call the Year 2000 problem as '' Y2K problem '' . 
1836
For each position in the word , TeX will calculate the '' maximum value '' obtained among all matching pattern , yielding en1cy1c4l4o3p4e5d4i3a4 . 
The third action was to replace the text of '' Amendment B '' with new text : '' Those who are called to ordained service in the church , by their assent to the constitutional questions for ordination and installation -LRB- W-4 .4003 -RRB- , pledge themselves to live lives obedient to Jesus Christ the Head of the Church , striving to follow where he leads through the witness of the Scriptures , and to understand the Scriptures through the instruction . 
1837
Digital or discrete signals behave as binary switches , yielding simply an On or Off signal -LRB- 1 or 0 , True or False , respectively -RRB- . 
Company shares are subject to change as a result of commercial negotiations between parties . 
1838
This applies the codice_84 function to each corresponding pair of list elements , yielding the result codice_114 . 
The mandible , the only skull bone that is able to move , articulates with the temporal bone allowing the mouth to open and close , and provides anchorage for the 16 lower teeth . 
1839
Digital or discrete signals behave as binary switches , yielding simply an On or Off signal -LRB- 1 or 0 , True or False , respectively -RRB- . 
Prudhoe Bay on Alaska 's North Slope is the highest yielding oil field in the United States and on North America , typically producing about . 
1840
Frequently praised by American zookeeper Jack Hanna , the zoo features more than six hundred animals from throughout the planet as well as an award-winning exhibit on the Louisiana habitat . 
Ironically , while Howland Island was colonized in 1935 as a future aviation facility and is known in popular culture mostly because of its association with the last flight of Earhart and Noonan , no airplane is known to have ever landed there . 
1841
Some commentators , recommending a hard stand against the practice , have found therapy inconsistent with a psychologist 's ethical duties because '' it is more ethical to let a client continue to struggle honestly with her or his identity than to collude , even peripherally , with a practice that is discriminatory , oppressive . 
In addition , the heart of downtown also has the Emily Carr House , Royal London Wax Museum , Victoria Bug Zoo , Market Square and the Pacific Undersea Gardens , which showcases marine life of British Columbia . 
1842
The accounts of historians Herodotus , Pliny the Elder , and Strabo suggest that boats were being used for commerce and traveling . 
I can not think of any other undertaking that would dovetail so many of our present difficulties into opportunities for growth . '' 
1843
When his father returned to Assisi , he took to calling him Francesco , possibly in honor of his commercial success and enthusiasm for all things French . 
This effort culminated in the Molten-Salt Reactor Experiment that used 232Th as the fertile material and 233U as the fissile fuel . 
1844
Recent reviews have refuted the claim that atypical antipsychotics have fewer extrapyramidal side effects than typical antipsychotics , especially when the latter are used in low doses or when low potency antipsychotics are chosen . 
Analytical '' chemistry has been important since the early days of chemistry , providing methods for determining which elements and chemicals are present in the world around us . 
1845
American skinheads created a link between their subculture and hardcore punk music , with bands such as Warzone , Agnostic Front , and Cro-Mags . 
Since its early development rock music has been associated with rebellion against social and political norms , most obviously in early rock and roll 's rejection of an adult-dominated culture , the counter-culture 's rejection of consumerism and conformity and punk 's rejection of all forms of social convention , however , it can also be seen a providing a means of commercial exploitation of such ideas and of diverting youth . 
1846
The areas of Samaria and Judea conquered by Jordan were renamed the West Bank -LRB- of the Jordan river -RRB- . 
The smell was the body of Tony Hughes , Dahmer 's previous victim , decomposing in the bedroom . 
1847
For the Confederacy to receive official recognition by foreign powers would have been a further blow to the North 's diplomatic standing . 
Siphon projectors . '' 
1848
Multiple scheduled helicopter and seaplane flights are available daily from Victoria 's Inner Harbour to Vancouver International Airport , Vancouver Harbour , and Seattle . 
The essence of the Counter-Reformation was a renewed conviction in traditional practices and the upholding of Catholic doctrine as the source of ecclesiastic and moral reform , and the answer to halting the spread of Protestantism . 
1849
He includes a detailed description of the apse mosaic over the main altar and gives the text for a long inscription he has written to be put on the wall under the image . 
The capital of Azerbaijan is the ancient city of Baku , which has the largest and best harbor on the Caspian Sea and has long been the center of the republic 's oil industry . 
1850
When Indira and Feroze Gandhi returned to India , they were in love and had decided to get married , despite doctors ' advice . 
October 17 , 2007 , a week before the first game of the 2007 World Series against the Boston Red Sox , the Colorado Rockies announced that tickets would be made available to the general public via online sales only , despite prior arrangements to sell the tickets at local retail outlets . 
1851
Smoking . 
The 11th century saw the emergence in Germany of new ways of making sheet glass by blowing spheres . 
1852
In addition , the Eastern Orthodox and Byzantine Catholic churches celebrate his feast day on October 6 -LRB- for those churches which follow the traditional Julian Calendar , October 6 currently falls on October 19 of the modern Gregorian Calendar -RRB- . 
In 1997 , the Edyth Bates Old Grand Organ and Recital Hall and the Center for Nanoscale Science and Technology , renamed in 2005 for the late Nobel Prize winner and Rice professor Richard E. Smalley , were dedicated at Rice . 
1853
After the boy departs , they decide to leave but make no attempt to do so , an action repeated in Act II , as the curtain is drawn . 
These meetings have been considered important for deepening the dialogue between the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions , and for strengthening their partnership for achieving the development goals agreed at the global conferences of the nineties . 
1854
Atari 's role in the new company largely became that of holder for the Atari properties and minor support , and consequently the name largely disappeared from the market . 
Expansion was stepped up in 1926 , when Odegard secured an option to purchase Associated Telephone Company of Long Beach , California and proceeded to devise a plan for a holding company , to be named Associated Telephone Utilities Company . 
1855
Subordinate clauses . 
Mumbai BRTS -LRB- Bus Rapid Transit System -RRB- lanes have been planned throughout Mumbai , with buses running on seven routes as of March 2009 . 
1856
Four years following its original release , it became the number one movie in the UK . 
Huxley 's position on selection was agnostic ; yet he gave no credence to any other theory . 
1857
More precisely , a vector bundle over '' X '' is a topological space '' E '' equipped with a continuous map The cotangent bundle of a differentiable manifold consists , at every point of the manifold , of the dual of the tangent space , the cotangent space . 
Lucretia and the monarchy can not therefore be total myth or an elaborate literary hoax to deceive and entertain the Roman people about an early history that ca n't be known . 
1858
Mate can be sweetened with sugar , or flavored with aromatic herbs or dried orange peel , to hide its bitter flavour . 
On 14 April 2009 , the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce awarded Harrison a star on the Walk of Fame in front of the Capitol Records Building . 
1859
Carla was respected because of her tough attitude , wit , and power , while Diane was often ignored as she commanded little respect in any successful way . 
The Directorate composed by officers had behind a shadowy figure , who is told by Thomas Anderson in his book Matanza , his name was Rodolfo Duke , a rich man and also General Martinez . 
1860
He decided he did not want to expose his ideas to review by an editor as would have been required to publish in an academic journal . 
Claes Oldenburg had his storefront , and the Green Gallery on 57th Street began to show the works of Tom Wesselmann and James Rosenquist . 
1861
He appeared in the Los Angeles production of '' The Producers '' with Martin Short . 
In 1989 the Internal Revenue Service began investigating the Reagans for whether they owed additional tax on the gifts and loans of high-fashion clothes and jewelry to Nancy during their time in the White House -LRB- recipients benefiting from the display of such items recognize taxable income even if they are returned -RRB- . 
1862
In other words , '' Was there a mutual sense of morality among those involved ? '' 
But at the same time , he argues , this outsider perspective has tended to '' overlook the rise of mass national identification when it did occur , as Zionist and Israeli Jews notably did in the case of the Palestinian Arabs . '' 
1863
The second lesson learned from the research is that Japan is an exceptional place : On almost every dimension of negotiation style considered , the Japanese are on or near the end of the scale . 
In lawyer lingo , hornbook law or black letter law is a fundamental and well-accepted legal principle that does not require any further explanation , since a hornbook is a primer of basics . 
1864
A specialty type of kiln , common in tableware and tile manufacture , is the '' Roller-hearth Kiln '' , in which ware placed on bats is carried through the kiln on rollers . 
COMINT -LRB- Communications Intelligence -RRB- is a sub-category of signals intelligence that engages in dealing with messages or voice information derived from the interception of foreign communications . 
1865
Because spamming contravenes the vast majority of ISPs ' acceptable-use policies , most spammers have for many years gone to some trouble to conceal the origins of their spam . 
The documented incidence of this happening is less than 1 per million immunizations given . 
1866
The stadium displays multiple references to the stadium 's location of above sea level , including a prominent mural just outside the visiting team 's locker room . 
The obvious test of Barrow 's SAP , which says that the Universe is '' required '' to support life , is to find evidence of life in universes other than ours , which is currently impossible . 
1867
The tower has been nicknamed the 50p building , as it resembles many 50p pieces in a pile . 
-LRB- Kipling 's son 's death inspired his poem , '' My Boy Jack '' , and the incident became the basis for the play '' My Boy Jack '' and its subsequent television adaptation , along with the documentary ' . -RRB- 
1868
At the 2009 BMW Open , Hewitt recorded his 500th career win after defeating Philipp Petzschner in the first round , becoming one of only four active players to achieve this milestone ; the others being Roger Federer and Carlos Moya . 
The ' hard ' forehand edge hit was banned after similar concerns were expressed about the ability of players to direct the ball accurately , but the reverse edge hit does appear to be more predictable and controllable than its counterpart . 
1869
Toffler also states , in '' Rethinking the Future '' , that '' The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who can not read and write , but those who can not learn , unlearn , and relearn . '' 
In England and Wales by 2000 pubs could legally open from 11am -LRB- 12 noon on Sundays -RRB- through to 11pm -LRB- 10.30 pm on Sundays -RRB- . 
1870
However , Congress is not subject to the doctrine of '' stare decisis '' , so a future Congress could simply ignore this precedent . 
School-feeding and/or take home ration programmes in 71 countries help students focus on their studies and encourage parents to send their children , especially girls , to school . 
1871
As its name implies , multipart/form-data is used to express values submitted through a form . 
Computer programs , known as '' anagram servers '' , '' anagram solvers '' or '' anagrammers '' , offer a much faster route to creating anagrams , and a large number of these programs are available on the Internet . 
1872
His first novel , '' Grimus '' , a part-science fiction tale , was generally ignored by the public and literary critics . 
A defendant found to have been temporarily insane will often be released without any requirements of psychiatric treatment . 
1873
He was alert and awake , although anxious and sweating . 
Many of the artefacts are unique to the '' Mary Rose '' and have provided insights into topics ranging from naval warfare to the history of musical instruments . 
1874
A statesman ... must wait until he hears the steps of God sounding through events , then leap up and grasp the hem of His garment . '' '' 
Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter : Fear God , and keep his commandments : for this is the whole duty of man . 
1875
However , it was finished , the foil was put on ; I then shouted ' Mary had a little lamb ' , etc. . 
These buildings surround a small green space containing the Welsh National War Memorial and a number of other smaller memorials . 
1876
Under the roof of the CJIS are the programs for the '' National Crime Information Center '' -LRB- NCIC -RRB- , '' Uniform Crime Reporting '' -LRB- UCR -RRB- , '' Fingerprint Identification '' , '' Integrated Automated Fingerprint Identification System '' -LRB- IAFIS -RRB- , '' NCIC 2000 '' , and the '' National Incident-Based Reporting System '' -LRB- NIBRS -RRB- . 
The AstroTurf is also used for other sports such as football . 
1877
Jazz guitarists integrate the basic building blocks of scales and arpeggio patterns into balanced rhythmic and melodic phrases that make up a cohesive solo . 
There were demonstrations against the '' Treacherous Paper '' , as it was considered that it would preclude the establishment of a Jewish homeland in Palestine . 
1878
Only a very few countries do not commit significant human rights violations , according to Amnesty International . 
The patterned Byzantine and Chinese silks available through Damascus , one of the Western termini of the Silk Road , gave the English language '' damask '' . 
1879
The conflict between Bligh and the entrenched colonists culminated in another mutiny , the Rum Rebellion , when , on 26 January 1808 , the New South Wales Corps under Major George Johnston marched on Government House in Sydney and arrested him . 
Cornwall 's unique culture , spectacular landscape and mild climate make it a popular tourist destination , despite being somewhat distant from the United Kingdom 's main centres of population . 
1880
To include a single quotation mark , precede it with a backslash or enclose the string in double quotes . 
His second film appearance was as a deaf mute hit-man for the mob in director Robert Altman 's '' The Long Goodbye '' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , which was followed by a much more significant part in the film '' Stay Hungry '' -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , for which he was awarded a Golden Globe for New Male . 
1881
The foundation of the comparative method , and of comparative linguistics in general , is the Neogrammarians ' fundamental assumption that '' sound laws have no exceptions . '' 
After two years , Fuller sold the bridge to Myron C. Lake , who continued to develop the community with the addition of a grist mill , kiln , and livery stable to the hotel and eating house . 
1882
She characterized herself as Inanna 's spouse . 
The ship pulled into the U.S. Naval Base , Subic Bay Philippines to pull out one of the screws from the sub that was stuck in her hull , along with other repairs . 
1883
The other important marking is the '' spectacles , '' a delicate dark line running from the outer corner of each eye toward the lower corner of each ear , which , coupled with markings forming short eyebrows , is necessary for the distinct expressive look of the breed . 
Advance Australia Fair '' emerged as the most popular choice for the national anthem after an opinion poll in 1974 -LRB- the Australian Bureau of Statistics polled 60,000 people nationally -RRB- . 
1884
In the heart of downtown are the British Columbia Legislative Buildings , The Empress Hotel , Victoria Police Department Station Museum , the gothic Christ Church Cathedral , and the Royal British Columbia Museum/IMAX National Geographic Theatre , with large exhibits on local Aboriginal peoples , natural history , and modern history , along with travelling international exhibits . 
The two flee to Hong Kong to meet with Tong , who deactivates their kill switches . 
1885
It also featured a crossover with the soap opera '' EastEnders '' , the action taking place in the latter 's Albert Square location and around Greenwich , including the '' Cutty Sark '' . 
Since 2001 , Brown 's 18th president has been Ruth J. Simmons , the first permanent female president of the university . 
1886
Before and during this time , he worked as a professional jazz guitarist . 
to say it about it , it will never have the slightest effect along Radio Row ... The clamor is heard even as one walks through the subway tunnel to the street exit ... The first impression , and in fact the only one , is auditory , a reverberating bedlam , a confusion of sounds which only an army of loudspeakers could produce . '' 
1887
Jardines ' vast experience in these lines extends throughout the entire period of China 's trading relations with the outside world . 
Otherwise , moving into different positions is usually done for ease of playing . 
1888
A fanzine -LRB- portmanteau of '' fan '' and '' magazine '' or '' - zine '' -RRB- is a nonprofessional and nonofficial publication produced by fans of a particular cultural phenomenon -LRB- such as a literary or musical genre -RRB- for the pleasure of others who share their interest . 
However , this would not apply to animals that are grazed rather than fed , especially those grazed on land that could not be used for other purposes . 
1889
Estragon sees an opportunity to extort more food or to exact revenge on Lucky for kicking him . 
The Martin J Whitman School of Management supports the largest number of research centers , including The Ballentine Investment Institute , the George E. Bennett Center for Accounting and Tax Research , the Robert H. Brethren Operations Management Institute , Michael J. Falcone Center for Entrepreneurship , The H. H. Franklin Center for Supply . 
1890
At these elevated levels , angiotensin II also constricts the afferent ateriole into the glomerulus in addition to the efferent arteriole one it normally constricts . 
After Bolton abandoned the castle , Gregor Clegane demolished the Brave Companions and retook the castle for the Lannisters . 
1891
The most common woods used for electric guitar body construction include maple , basswood , ash , poplar , alder , and mahogany . 
Schopenhauer has had a massive influence upon later thinkers , though more so in the arts -LRB- especially literature and music -RRB- and psychology than in philosophy . 
1892
Judaism traditionally considers marriage to be the ideal state of personal existence ; a man without a wife , or a woman without a husband , is considered incomplete . 
On July 14 , 2008 , the United States Department of State began to issue a new form of travel document called the United States '' passport card '' , a credit card sized -LRB- IEC 7810 ID-1 -RRB- ID document valid for land or sea travel to Canada , Mexico , the Caribbean and Bermuda . 
1893
There has been significant and consistent commercial and retail development in the Westmorland Road-McAllister Drive-Consumer 's Drive-Major 's Brook Drive-Retail Drive corridor since the 1970s , including McAllister Place , the city 's largest shopping mall , which opened in 1978 , and with active year-to-year development since 1994 . 
Ice-T voiced Madd Dogg in the video game ' as well as Agent Cain in Sanity : Aiken 's Artifact . 
1894
In 1994 '' Galileo '' was perfectly positioned to watch the fragments of comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 crash into Jupiter . 
In practice , this prevents athletes from attempting to spin and hurl the javelin sidearm in the style of a discus throw . 
1895
Death and the Monsters are born into this world as is Changing Woman who gives birth to the Hero Twins , called '' Monster Slayer '' and '' Child of the Waters '' who had many adventures in which they helped to rid the world of much evil . 
The abrupt end to Thucydides ' narrative , which breaks off in the middle of the year 411 BC , has traditionally been interpreted as indicating that he died while writing the book , although other explanations have been put forward . 
1896
In simplistic terms , drawing is distinct from painting , perhaps more so in the Western view ; East Asian art , which generally only uses brushes , has historically made less distinction between the two . 
Ascorbate is a powerful reducing agent capable of rapidly scavenging a number of reactive oxygen species -LRB- ROS -RRB- . 
1897
Borrowed components include the Brembo-sourced 4-piston brake calipers on all four wheels , aluminum semi-trailing arms and aluminum front A-arms , used in a Macpherson strut arrangement . 
Abhimani -LRB- from Sanskrit : abhi towards + the verbal root man to think , reflect upon -RRB- meaning dignified , proud ; Longing for , thinking upon . 
1898
Some approximants resemble vowels in acoustic and articulatory properties and the terms '' semivowel '' and '' glide '' are often used for these non-syllabic vowel-like segments . 
Morgan lectured in biology 5 days a week , giving two lectures a day . 
1899
At the beginning of World War II , an Imperial Japanese Navy submarine surfaced off the west coast of the Island . 
Prior to its expansion under Philip II , the ancient kingdom of Macedonia , to which the modern region owes its name , lay entirely within the current Greek province of Macedonia . 
1900
The patterned Byzantine and Chinese silks available through Damascus , one of the Western termini of the Silk Road , gave the English language '' damask '' . 
Ten days after the Steelers ' Super Bowl victory , the city 's National Hockey League team , the Pittsburgh Penguins , changed its uniform colors to match the black and gold scheme of the Pirates and Steelers , as well as that of the Pittsburgh city flag . 
1901
In addition to fixed capital , each enterprise is allocated a minimum of working capital from the state through the Central Bank and is required to meet various operating expenses with the proceeds from sales of its output . 
Second , Aeschylus makes no mention of the sacrifice-trick played against Zeus in the '' Theogony '' . 
1902
Subordinate components . 
As of July 2007 California had 179 fuel cell vehicles and twenty five stations were in operation , and ten more stations have been planned for assembly in California . 
1903
Chrono Trigger '' also introduces a New Game + option ; after completing the game , the player may begin a new game with the same character levels , techniques , and equipment -LRB- but not money -RRB- that he or she ended the previous game with . 
By 1862 , the Union had taken control of New Orleans , and had gained control of the contested northernmost slave states -LRB- Missouri , Kentucky , Maryland , Delaware and West Virginia -RRB- . 
1904
On the morning before Dayan was sworn in , June 5 , 1967 , the Israeli air force launched pre-emptive attacks destroying first the Egyptian air force and then later the same day destroying the air forces of Jordan and Syria . 
In a plasma , magnetic field lines are normally tied to individual pieces of matter , so that the topology of the magnetic field remains the same : if a particular north and south magnetic pole are connected by a single field line , then even if the plasma is stirred or if the magnets are moved around , that field line will continue to connect those particular poles . 
1905
Designers often use typography to set a theme and mood in an advertisement ; for example using bold , large text to convey a particular message to the reader . 
Yet almost immediately upon their exile , Lehi is commanded by God to send his sons back to Jerusalem to retrieve the brass plates , a record similar to the Old Testament which was owned by Laban , a powerful leader in Jerusalem . 
1906
A short walk near Crab Cove will reveal many more historic gems . 
Registers may be referenced by the name used by the manufacturer , numbered -LRB- 0 . 
1907
The rise of international trade law , continental trading blocs , the World Trade Organization -LRB- and its opposing anti-globalization movement -RRB- , and use of the Internet , among other factors , seem to suggest that legal complexity has started to reach an intolerable and undesirable point . 
machine gun '' is often used by civilians to describe all fully automatic weapons , in military usage the term is restricted to relatively heavy weapons fired from some sort of support rather than hand-held , able to provide continuous or frequent bursts of automatic fire for as long as ammunition lasts . 
1908
As a result of Act 250 , Vermont was the last state to get a Wal-Mart -LRB- there are now four in the state , as of December 2009 , but only the Williston store was new construction -RRB- . 
As both tubes operate in Class C , a significant improvement in efficiency is thereby achieved in the final stage . 
1909
One of the first steps in applying NPT safeguards is for the IAEA to verify the initial stocks of uranium and plutonium to ensure that all the nuclear materials in the country have been declared for safeguards purposes . 
They have nothing to fear , nor will they grieve . 
1910
In large hailstones , latent heat released by further freezing may melt the outer shell of the hailstone . 
He left Canada to study at Balliol College , Oxford , where he received a BLitt degree in 1938 . 
1911
Betrothal and marriage -LRB- '' erusin '' and '' nissu'in '' -RRB- . 
She died on 24 March 1603 at Richmond Palace , between two and three in the morning . 
1912
By 1936 , it had 800 members , then this number increased greatly to up to 200,000 by 1938 . 
Handling koalas may cause them stress , and the issue of aggression and stress from handling is a political issue in Australia . 
1913
Elfman 's work schedule was 12 hours a day , 7 days a week . '' 
Based on ancient sources , most modern scholars believe that he was born in Athens or Aegina between 429 and 423 BC . 
1914
Woman Is the Nigger of the World '' , released as a US single from the album the same year , was described by Lennon as '' the first women 's liberation song that went out '' , and debuted on 11 May when it was televised on '' The Dick Cavett Show '' . 
Warszawianka -LRB- 1831 -RRB- -LRB- -RRB- is widely considered the unofficial anthem of Warsaw . 
1915
Another theory claims that the black box was actually recovered by the Soviets and decoded . 
Obituary is currently signed with Candlelight Records for its '' Xecutioner 's Return '' -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and an EP , '' Left to Die '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . 
1916
The details enabling this to be achieved would be negotiated by environment ministers within the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in a process that would also include the major emerging economies . 
Wind powered vehicles such as yachts are nearly always directly propelled by the wind , but some unusual forms use the power of the wind to turn wheels . 
1917
Dontrelle Willis became the 13th member of the Black Aces when he defeated the Washington Nationals to earn his 20th win . 
In an episode of '' Cluedo '' , Reverend Green compares himself to Jeffery Archer in his murder confession . 
1918
At the all time total medal count for Olympic Games , Hungary reaches the 9th rank out of 211 participating nations , with a total of 465 medals . 
Stan Ogden and Hilda Ogden were introduced in 1964 , with Hilda -LRB- Jean Alexander -RRB- becoming one of the most famous British soap characters of all time . 
1919
1977 he became Candidate , 1978 full member of the Politburo , serving second to the General Secretary in terms of Party hierarchy . 
Examples : Estonian '' mu koer '' ' my dog ' , colloquial Finnish '' mun koira '' , Northern Sami '' mu beana '' ' my dog ' -LRB- literally ' dog of me ' -RRB- or '' beatnagan '' ' my dog ' -LRB- literally ' dog-my ' -RRB- . 
1920
As a result , native Australian placental mammals -LRB- such as hopping mice -RRB- are more recent immigrants . 
The dexterity of their forepaws is utilised in both punching and grappling with the foe , but the real danger lies in a serious kick with the hindleg . 
1921
The British Parliament first guaranteed diplomatic immunity to foreign ambassadors in 1709 , after Count Andrey Matveyev , a Russian resident in London , had been subjected by British bailiffs to verbal and physical abuse . 
As the Oregon Territory grew and became increasingly more settled , Astoria likewise grew as a port city at the mouth of the great river that provided the easiest access to the interior . 
1922
They also tend to be curious ; when startled , they will often hesitate an instant to ascertain the cause of their fright , and may not always flee from something that they perceive as non-threatening . 
An East Slavic Old Novgorod dialect , although vanished during the fifteenth or sixteenth century , is sometimes considered to have played a significant role in the formation of the modern Russian language . 
1923
Printing allowed for multiple exact copies of a work , leading to a more rapid and widespread circulation of ideas and information . 
Since the award criteria state that the Bronze Star Medal may be awarded to '' any person ... while serving in any capacity in or with '' the U.S. Armed Forces , awards to members of foreign armed services serving with the United States are permitted . 
1924
Models published in 1993 suggested that the stony body would have been about 60 metres across , with physical properties somewhere between an ordinary chondrite and a carbonaceous chondrite . 
Penrose used his wealth to invest in other national mineral concerns and financed construction of the Broadmoor Hotel , the Cheyenne Mountain Zoo , the Will Rogers Shrine of the Sun , the Pikes Peak Highway , what is now known as Penrose-St Francis Health Services , and established the El Pomar Foundation , which still oversees many of his contributions in Colorado Springs today . 
1925
Their departure followed comments made in the week of March 17 , 2008 by South Korean Unification Minister Kim Ha-joong . 
The species present include : Sumatran Tiger , Sumatran Orangutan , Sumatran Rhinoceros , Sumatran Elephant , Sumatran Striped Rabbit , Dhole , Dayak Fruit Bat , Malayan Tapir , Malayan Sun Bear and the Bornean Clouded Leopard . 
1926
Though '' B. caapi '' is a central ingredient in traditional ayahuasca brews , harmala-containing plants from other plant-medicine cultures , such as Syrian Rue , can be used instead of the vine to make an ayahuasca analogue , yet it is n't considered ayahuasca , as Caapi vine is considered the main plant in the brew . 
In Banach spaces , a large part of the study involves the dual space : the space of all continuous linear maps from the space into its underlying field , so-called functionals . 
1927
She had intended Newton to become a clergyman , but she died of tuberculosis when Newton was six years old . 
Sasha and Digweed played at Twilo on the last Friday of every month , playing sets that lasted between 8 and 12 hours . 
1928
It was quite a testament to his persuasive powers , as Neff had run for governor on a pledge not to issue pardons -LRB- pardon by the governor was at that time the only recourse for prisoners , since in most Southern prisons there was no provision for parole -RRB- . 
.54 gauge tuned to C # .42 to G # , and a. 32 gauge tuned to C # . 
1929
Barbra soon crashes into a tree , then abandons the car and escapes into a nearby farmhouse to hide , still chased by the zombie . 
In 1969 Andrew Carroll , field researcher for the New York Aquarium in New York City , proposed a mobile sonar scan operation at Loch Ness . 
1930
In 1978 , the Council of Churches launched a protest which scotched the idea . 
One of the strongest disabled programs is the U.S. Disabled Ski Team , organized by the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association and the U.S. Ski Team . 
1931
Like other insects , ants have an exoskeleton , an external covering that provides a protective casing around the body and a point of attachment for muscles , in contrast to the internal skeletons of humans and other vertebrates . 
This instability was clarified in 1902 by the Jeans instability criterion . 
1932
The Zoo is the only zoo in Britain to house polar bears and koalas , as well as being the first zoo in the world to house and breed penguins . 
In December 1995 , the Queen asked Charles and Diana for '' an early divorce , '' as a direct result of Diana 's '' Panorama '' interview . 
1933
There is evidence that there are 10 to 100 times fewer small galaxies than permitted by what the dark matter theory of galaxy formation predicts . 
A Monte Carlo method simulation is defined as any method that utilizes sequences of random numbers to perform the simulation . 
1934
The mitochondrion is present in almost all eukaryotes , with the exception of anaerobic protozoa such as '' Trichomonas vaginalis '' that instead reduce protons to hydrogen in a remnant mitochondrion called a hydrogenosome . 
In 1574 , the Ottoman astronomer and physicist Taqi al-Din concluded that the speed of light is finite , correctly explained refraction as the result of light traveling more slowly in denser bodies , and suggested that it would take a long time for light from distant stars to reach the Earth . 
1935
In a normal engine , in which the water vapour is not condensed , the calorific value of ammonia will be about 21 % less than this figure . 
Captain Ross delivered his report in 1843 , concluding that Port William afforded a good deep-water anchorage for naval vessels , and that the southern shores of Port Jackson was a suitable location for the proposed settlement . 
1936
These changes resulted in the suspension of the constitution in 1981 and the banning of political parties . 
Tandy offered a desk custom-designed for the Model II for US$ 370 . 
1937
Plecker pressured local governments into reclassifying all Native Americans in the state as '' colored '' , and gave them lists of family surnames to examine for reclassification based on his interpretation of data and the law . 
Our understanding of what is going on sometimes lacks '' similarity of structure '' with what is actually going on . 
1938
Other public schools are the state-chartered Silver State Charter High School and Carson Montessori School . 
Of those 611,000 Welsh speakers 62 % claim to speak Welsh daily ; that figure rises to 88 % amongst those who consider themselves fluent in Welsh . 
1939
HDL transports cholesterol mostly to the liver or steroidogenic organs such as adrenals , ovary , and testes by direct and indirect pathways . 
Although many Hellenised Jews seem , as at the Dura-Europos synagogue , to have had images of religious figures , the traditional Mosaic prohibition of '' graven images '' no doubt retained some effect , although never proclaimed by theologians . 
1940
During 2000 and 2001 , changes in government administration increased the power of the central government to compel localities to enforce laws . 
The '' Ballast '' investigation by the Police Ombudsman has confirmed that British forces , and in particular the RUC , did , on several occasions , collude with loyalist paramilitaries , were involved in murder , and did obstruct the course of justice when such claims had previously been investigated . 
1941
This pope , being a remarkably skillful and learned lawyer , caused to be prepared '' Nova Compilatio decretalium '' , which was promulgated in numerous copies in 1234 . 
The game was broadcast in the United States by NBC Sports - at the time , still a '' Service of NBC News '' - with Curt Gowdy handling the play-by-play duties and color commentators Al DeRogatis and Kyle Rote in the broadcast booth . 
1942
Between parties , communication includes acts that confer knowledge and experiences , give advice and commands , and ask questions . 
Alternate content is also finding a market in 3rd world countries in which the higher costs and quality of DCI equipment are not yet affordable . 
1943
During the 20th century , however , the term acquired a thoroughly negative meaning in western countries , representing the intentional dissemination of often false , but certainly '' compelling '' claims to support or justify political actions or ideologies . 
The government 's goal is to stabilize population growth early in the 21st century , though some projections estimate a population of anywhere ranging from 1.4 billion to 1.6 billion by 2025 . 
1944
Other provisions of the reauthorization act was to merge the law outlawing train wrecking -LRB- -RRB- and the law outlawing attacks on mass transportation systems -LRB- -RRB- into a new section of Title 18 of the U.S. Code -LRB- -RRB- and also to criminalize the act of planning a terrorist attack against a mass transport system . 
This program also observed a meteorite fall , the '' Lost City '' chondrite , allowing its recovery and a calculation of its orbit . 
1945
Hume was trained as a lawyer , and Paley was regarded by his peers , some of whom were prominent lawyers themselves , as having one of the most acute legal minds of his age . 
Churchill denounced the Round Table Conference . 
1946
Void pointers -LRB- codice_180 -RRB- point to objects of unknown type , and can therefore be used as '' generic '' data pointers . 
At that point of contemplation , which is reached through a progression of insight , if the meditator realizes that even that state is constructed and therefore impermanent , the fetters are destroyed , arahantship is attained , and nibbana is realized . 
1947
Aristotle was trained and educated as a member of the aristocracy . 
Some motherboards came equipped with a 32-bit bus called EISA that was backward compatible with the ISA-standard . 
1948
Also , the concept of archetype was redefined by the early church fathers in order to better understand that when a person shows veneration toward an image , the intention is rather to honor the person depicted , not the substance of the icon . 
Therefore the United States promised to refrain from intervention in European affairs and demanded Europe to abstain from interfering with American matters . 
1949
An amoral , gay -LRB- in both the literal and modern sense of the word -RRB- rogue , Cluracan features in '' Season of Mists '' , '' Worlds ' End '' , '' The Kindly Ones '' , and '' The Wake '' . 
Fishing employs some 5,000 people and provides 20,000 tons of seafood each year . 
1950
As well as support for public transport , there are several road building schemes supported by the local council , including re-routing and improving the South Bristol Ring Road . 
In that 1990 study he taught that it was an '' abomination '' to keep wine -LRB- grape juice -RRB- as an emblem of the Lord 's Supper daily -LRB- as the Rodens had taught -RRB- because Jesus was no longer interceding for us , but only the Holy Ghost was . 
1951
The first production automobile from Honda was the T360 mini pick-up truck . 
Most religions perform a wedding ceremony to solemnize the beginning of a marriage . 
1952
Many women experience secondary fertility signs that correlate with certain phases of the menstrual cycle . 
When it appeared that , in spite of heavy pressure , non-communist parties might receive in excess of 40 % of the vote in the August 1947 Hungarian elections , an all-out repression was instituted to liquidate any independent political forces . 
1953
She , like Menken , had a fiery temper and , like every other Bogart spouse , was an actress . 
Max Scheler met Husserl in Halle and found in his phenomenology a methodological breakthrough for his own philosophical endeavors . 
1954
Tuco and Blondie find their way to Sad Hill Cemetery is blocked by large Union and Confederate forces , who are separated only by a narrow bridge . 
Anxiolytics are used for anxiety disorders and related problems such as insomnia . 
1955
Although philosophers around the world have asked questions regarding education for millennia , as an academic discipline with its own place in the university it is relatively new . 
In combination with gold or selenium , beautiful red colors result . 
1956
The states have unequal voting powers , and decisions are taken by an absolute majority . 
Donald Smith cited it in his report for the Committee . 
1957
Dealing with exceptional cases = = . 
They were designed to withstand damage and to inflict the same , but only carried munitions and supplies for the voyage -LRB- rather than merchant cargo -RRB- . 
1958
Substantively , Ohio 's system is similar to those found in other states . 
also been a setting for numerous films and music videos , such as the James Bond series ' From Russia with Love ' , ' Moonraker ' and ' Casino Royale ' , '' Death in Venice '' , '' Fellini 's Casanova '' , '' Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade '' , '' A Little Romance '' , '' The Italian Job '' , and ' , and Madonna 's '' Like a Virgin -LRB- song -RRB- '' . 
1959
Furthermore , Jesus was recorded as foretelling that John would suffer martyrdom along with his brother , James . 
The transmission of the body of the mail message is initiated with a codice_5 command after which it is transmitted verbatim line by line and is terminated with a characteristic sequence of a new line -LRB- &lt;CR&gt; &lt;LF&gt; -RRB- with just a single full stop -LRB- period -RRB- followed by another . 
1960
There is specific legislation dealing with the offences of incitement of racial hatred , racially-aggravated harassment and offences aggravated by religious prejudice . 
As a rule , the president asks the party leader who has collected the most votes to form the new government , who then must gain the approval of Riigikogu . 
1961
Mosquitos and houseflies are common insect nuisances ; because of this , windows are nearly universally fitted with screens , and '' screened-in '' porches are common in homes of the area . 
In a frame of reference that is stationary than the governing equations of the same problem without taking advantage of the steadiness of the flow field . 
1962
Hobart is home to the Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra , which is resident at the Federation Concert Hall on the city 's waterfront . 
The week of the Memorial is generally filled with special activity in the ministry , such as door-to-door work . 
1963
Gen. 1:26 And Elohim said , Let us make man in our image , after our likeness : and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea , and over the fowl of the air , and over the cattle , and over all the earth , and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth . 
They most likely did not constitute the dominant group within Eastern European Jewry , as Arthur Koestler maintained -LRB- see below -RRB- . 
1964
Another major change at this time was the development of a flintlock firing mechanism for the cannons . 
It is generally accepted that hydrophobic surfaces stabilize small bubbles . 
1965
The landmark album touted a lifestyle patterned on drug dealing , regrets of living in harsh conditions , and partying -LRB- including popularizing the Cristal brand of champagne -RRB- which Nas , Mobb Deep , Notorious B.I.G. , Jay-Z , and other popular artists all borrowed and/or expanded upon these themes at points in their respective . 
The Doctor of Musical arts degree in double bass performance trains bass players for a career as a university professor . 
1966
Pharmaceutical benefits have been substantial , for example cholesterol-related compounds have opened ways to synthesis of complex human hormones and their modified derivatives . 
He concluded that the UK and the US must prepare for the Red Army ignoring previously agreed frontiers and agreements in Europe '' to impose upon Russia the will of the United States and the British Empire . '' 
1967
There are also powerful benevolent mystical entities such as The Vishanti ; or amoral and malevolent entities who are not truly demonic in nature , such as Dormammu and The Octessence . 
Full diplomatic relations between the Philippines and Israel did not occur until 1957 . 
1968
of wheat flour is stirred vigorously by machinery until the starch dissolves and the gluten consolidates into a mass , which is collected by centrifugation , then carried , by complex machinery , through several stages combined into a continuous process : Approximately 65 % of the water in the wet gluten is removed by means of a screw press , and the residue is sprayed through an atomizing nozzle into a drying chamber , where it remains at an elevated temperature only long enough to evaporate the water without denaturing the gluten . 
The TARDIS has been shown to be incredibly rugged , withstanding gunfire -LRB- the 1996 television movie , '' Doctor Who '' ; '' The Runaway Bride '' -RRB- , temperatures of 3000 degrees without even scorching -LRB- '' 42 '' -RRB- , atmospheric reentry -LRB- '' Voyage of the Damned '' -RRB- , and falls of several miles -LRB- '' The Satan Pit '' -RRB- . 
1969
Reneging on the chairman 's promise , the committee asked him to reveal the names of friends and colleagues who had participated in similar activities . 
During the Qianlong Emperor 's reign , for example , members of his family were distinguished by garments with a small circular emblem on the back , whereas Han officials wore clothing with a square emblem ; this meant that any guard in the court could immediately distinguish members of the imperial family from the back view alone . 
1970
In earlier times , the English alphabets used by children terminated not with '' Z '' but with '' &amp; '' or related typographic symbols . 
As a result , vegetation forms predicted by conventional biome systems are rarely observed across most of Earth 's land surface . 
1971
The PJC Dragon 's Men 's basketball team won the NJCAA national championship in 2005 . 
A data conversion from 64-bit floating point value to 16-bit signed integer value to be stored in a variable representing horizontal bias caused a processor trap -LRB- operand error -RRB- because the floating point value was too large to be represented by a 16-bit signed integer . 
1972
If a die or both dice leave the table , it is also a '' no roll '' and the boxman will examine the dice before letting it come back into the game . 
Forensic scientists can use DNA in blood , semen , skin , saliva or hair found at a crime scene to identify a matching DNA of an individual , such as a perpetrator . 
1973
Critics cite episodes such as when , in 1939 , the 936 Jewish refugees on board the SS '' St. Louis '' were denied asylum and not allowed into the United States . 
Major theaters include the Fox Theatre , Music Hall , the Gem Theatre , Masonic Temple Theatre , the Detroit Opera House , the Fisher Theatre and Orchestra Hall which hosts the renowned Detroit Symphony Orchestra . 
1974
A few brain imaging studies have been conducted with the reading span task or related tasks . 
Folklore can be divided into four areas of study : artifact -LRB- such as voodoo dolls -RRB- , describable and transmissible entity -LRB- oral tradition -RRB- , culture , and behavior -LRB- rituals -RRB- . 
1975
Buchla later produced a commercial modular synthesizer , the Buchla Music Easel . 
Lowering resolution . 
1976
The Firearms Act of 1998 -LRB- amended in 2001 -RRB- outlawed possession of submachine guns by the general public , although licensed collectors in good standing can obtain permits for older submachine guns from the Gaming and Weapons Administration . 
However , over the last several years , a number of Sprint Cup drivers have run both the Nationwide and Sprint Cup series events each weekend , using the Nationwide race as a warm-up to the Cup event at the same facility . 
1977
On January 21 , 2010 , Air America Radio ceased live programming citing a difficulty with the current economic environment , and announced that it would file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy production and liquidate itself . 
Although grape brandy is most commonly added to produce fortified wines , the additional alcohol may also be neutral spirit that has been distilled from grapes , grain , sugar beets , or sugarcane . 
1978
-LRB- This is not to be confused with '' lip synching '' in which a performer mimes to a previously produced studio recording with the lead vocal intact . -RRB- 
Grammatical structure , pronunciation and many terms reflect a certain nearness to Corsican -LRB- many similarities with the southern Corsican dialects of Sartene and Porto-Vecchio -RRB- with which it shared some mutual influences due to close relationships in 17th century , but many words come from the Sardo logudorese variety of Sardinian , which was spoken in this area in . 
1979
Officially , the church does not prohibit clergy-performed blessing ceremonies for same sex unions , as long as it clear that the blessing ritual is not a marriage ceremony . 
On May 13 , 2008 , Hewlett-Packard Co. confirmed that it had reached a deal with Electronic Data Systems to acquire the company for $ 13.9 Billion . 
1980
The philosopher Hegel gave a central role to the '' hero '' , personalized by Napoleon , as the incarnation of a particular culture 's '' Volksgeist '' , and thus of the general '' Zeitgeist '' . 
Even in the 1990s , according to the memorandum , the organization foresaw the day when '' dialogue '' between itself and Israel would be possible , but warned that '' The prospect of the movement initiating , or accepting dialogue with Israel is nonexistent at present because of the skewed balance of power between the Palestinians and the Israelis . 
1981
Prescriptivism is also supported by Imperative logic , in which there are no truth values for imperatives , and by the idea of the Naturalistic fallacy : even if someone could prove the existence of an ethical property and express it in a factual statement , he could never derive any command from this statement . 
Malanga assisted the artist with producing silkscreens , films , sculpture , and other works at '' The Factory '' , Warhol 's aluminum foil-and-silver-paint-lined studio on 47th Street -LRB- later moved to Broadway -RRB- . 
1982
These dreams vanished in the economic depression that followed the war . 
When Merlot has spent significant time in oak , the wine may show notes of caramel , chocolate , coconut , coffee bean , dill weed , mocha , molasses , smoke , vanilla and walnut . 
1983
In Australia the best-selling brand of Worcestershire sauce is Holbrooks , holding over half the market share in black sauce . 
With the help of Britain , the Ottoman Empire was able remove French occupation in 1801 . 
1984
To maintain secrecy no mention of sound experimentation or quartz was made - the word used to describe the early work -LRB- ' supersonics ' -RRB- was changed to ' ASD ' ics , and the quartz material to ' ASD ' ivite : hence the British acronym '' ASDIC '' . 
Barry also uses '' Big Trouble '' to poke fun at the existence of a Russian arms black market , the corrupt political system -LRB- Puggy makes a living off being paid to vote -RRB- , and the incredibly loose labor laws in the region . 
1985
This property was used in incendiary weapons used in the firebombing of cities in World War II , the only practical civil defense being to smother a burning flare under dry sand to exclude the atmosphere . 
Central banks generally earn money by issuing currency notes and '' selling '' them to the public for interest-bearing assets , such as government bonds . 
1986
Most of the men elected to the Commons had private incomes , while a few relied on financial support from a wealthy patron . 
However , as more habitat is destroyed , the elephants ' living space becomes smaller and smaller ; the elderly no longer have the opportunity to roam in search of more appropriate food and will , consequently , die of starvation at an earlier age . 
1987
The Mufti was involved in some of the high level negotiations between Arab leaders , at a meeting held in Damascus in February 1948 to organize Palestinian Field Commands ; however , the commanders of his Holy War Army , Hasan Salama and Abd al-Qadir al-Husayni , were allocated only the Lydda district and Jerusalem . 
The G-20 became in 2008 and 2009 a major organization , as leaders of the member countries held two major summits in Washington in November 2008 and in London in April 2009 to regulate the banking and financial sectors , and also succeeding in coordinating their economic action and in avoiding protectionist reactions . 
1988
The message of personal salvation is , generally speaking , of the good that comes to oneself and the world through following the New Testament 's Golden Rule admonition to love others without hypocrisy or prejudice . 
Peace of mind , serenity , and calmness are descriptions of a disposition free from the effects of stress . 
1989
Walter Quin , tutor to the future Charles I , worked hard on multilingual anagrams on the name of father James . 
He spoke in favour of the motion in 1742 for an investigation into the last ten years of Walpole 's administration . 
1990
This is a lesson that Rambert learns . 
In 2007 , Fisher 's men 's basketball team won the Empire 8 Conference title for the 5th consecutive year and the 6th time in seven years . 
1991
During World War II under German occupation , militia usually called the French Resistance emerged to conduct a guerrilla war of attrition against German forces and prepare the way for the D-Day Allied Invasion of France . 
That healing is a process realised in conjugal acts . 
1992
The governorship was also a point of interest , as Republican incumbent Robert Ehrlich was defeated by Democratic challenger Martin O'Malley , the Mayor of Baltimore , 53 % to 46 % . 
The intention to exclude others from the garage and its contents does not necessarily amount to the guilty mind of intending to possess stolen goods . 
1993
The hair of the bow traditionally comes from the tail of a grey male horse -LRB- which has predominantly white hair -RRB- , although some cheaper bows use synthetic fiber . 
The hard palate may be contacted by either the front or the back of the tongue . 
1994
He did suffer from hypertension at a relatively early age and may have suffered his first stroke at age 39 . 
But dropped passes , including one by receiver Mike Wilson on the 2-yard line -LRB- the first time in a Super Bowl that instant replay was used to reverse a call -RRB- , forced them to settle for a 41-yard field goal from kicker Mike Cofer . 
1995
Clean and press was another weightlifting technique , discontinued due to difficulties in judging proper form . 
High socioeconomic areas include much of the coastal suburbs -LRB- such as Brighton and Glenelg -RRB- , eastern suburbs -LRB- such as Wattle Park , Kensington Gardens , St. Peters , Medindie and College Park -RRB- and inner south-eastern suburbs -LRB- such as Waterfall Gully and Unley -RRB- , the Adelaide hills and North Adelaide . 
1996
The most common symptom of LED -LRB- and diode laser -RRB- failure is the gradual lowering of light output and loss of efficiency . 
A Killing field was an area between the main wall and a secondary wall , so when the first wall was breached the attackers would run into the killing field to be confronted by another wall from which soldiers bombarded them . 
1997
Once all of a player 's or team 's group of object balls are pocketed , they may attempt to sink the 8 ball . 
To Keynes , this accelerator effect meant that government and business could be '' complements '' rather than substitutes in this situation . 
1998
Nevertheless , the relatively high manufacturing costs saw them completely replaced by optical media for home consoles by the early 21st century , although they are still in use in some handheld video game consoles . 
are not allowed due to their certainty of injury , but an athlete is supposed to '' take them into consideration '' while training by , for example , not fighting in a bent-over position for long , since this position is vulnerable to knee-strikes and other striking attacks . 
1999
Nor does the body of the tongue have the freedom to move quickly enough to produce a velar trill or flap . 
The action made the Fed a crucial source of credit for non-financial businesses in addition to commercial banks and investment firms . 
2000
Kabul 's main products include munitions , cloth , furniture and beet sugar , but since 1978 , a state of nearly continuous war has limited the economic productivity of the city . 
Hopper retired from the Naval Reserve with the rank of Commander at the end of 1966 . 
2001
Diego Armando Maradona is a retired Argentine football player . 
In 1966 , rugby league officials borrowed the American football concept of downs : a team could retain possession of the ball for no more than four tackles . 
2002
Yasser Arafat or by his kunya Abu Ammar , was a Palestinian leader and a Laureate of the Nobel Prize . 
The United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- is an international organization whose stated aims are to facilitate cooperation in international law , international security , economic development , social progress , human rights , and achieving world peace . 
2003
Yasser Arafat or by his kunya Abu Ammar , was a Palestinian leader and a Laureate of the Nobel Prize . 
David Forte states that the primary difference between terror and terrorism is that while terror can be neutrally evil , i.e. random violence committed by robbers , rapists and even soldiers , terrorism has the additional political or moral dimension , being the systemised use of randomly focused violence by organised groups against civilian targets to effect a political objective . 
